Should abortions of any kind be permitted?
A fetus cannot have a right to a woman's body to sustain its life
A fetus is no more a human than an acorn is a tree
A fetus is not a person so can't have rights protecting it from abortion:
The fetus causes physical pain; the woman has a right to self-defense.
Potential of fetus to become a person is not sufficient
If a fetus had a right to life, abortionists would be subject to murder charges
Even if abortions kill life, it can be justified as upholding a woman's life
There is no inviolable right to life in abortion and other cases.
Hypocritical to protect fetuses, but casually wage war
In a free society, abortion is truly a matter of personal belief.
Back alley abortions are more frequent when abortion is illegal.
Legal abortions safer than black market abortions
Abortion does not negatively affect a woman's sexual functions
Abortion is no more risky or harmful than ordinary birth.
Abortion allows women to become better people without a child
Abortion allows women to have sex comfortably without fear of pregnancy
No woman wants an abortion; it is only the least bad alternative
Child protection.
Post-abortion syndrome is not a medically recognized syndrome:
It is better to regret not having a child than regret having one
Many women are disturbed by their abortions but remain pro-choice
Abortion may have a positive or neutral impact on the emotions of the women
Risk-taking and disorders lead to abortions; not the opposite
It is better to seek abortion than neglect a born child
Adoption is too risky making it a poor alternative to abortion
Adoption does not spare a women the pains/risks of childbirth.
Adoption can be as emotionally damaging as abortion.
It is just for a mother to abort a fetus to save herself
Legal abortion protects women with serious illnesses that are vulnerable.
If abortion in self-defense is OK, a fetus cannot have a general right to life
Abortion must be justified in cases of impregnation by rape
Rape is an arbitrary exception; abortion must be available in all pregnancies
Abortion prevents victims of rape from becoming unready mothers
If women (not men) are solely burdened by pregnancy, they must have a choice.
Opposition to abortion is based largely on sexism toward women
It is odd to defend the dignity of a fetus over a child-rearer
Abortions are mostly sought when birth control fails
Abortion is just when birth control fails (involuntary impregnation)
Abortion is justified when the fetus is certain to suffer and die from a disability:
Viability is a good cut-off for when abortion is appropriate or not.
A ban on abortion presents practical problems of enforcement:
Doctors that have difficulty performing abortions still acknowledge its importance.
It is contradictory to oppose abortion while supporting capital punishment.
The reproductive rights movement has no genocidal drive:
Poor women are disproportionately deprived choice when abortion is illegal.
Abortion is more likely to wipe out the bad than the good.
Pro-life militant groups act violently in opposition to abortion.
Abortion might forestall the potential birth of another Hitler.
If a fetus was defined as a person, the legal shifts would be too dramatic
Anti-abortion activists love babies but deprive poor children
Abortion is important to reducing over-population globally
The right to abort does not depend on its explicit constitutional provision
Pro-choice uphold democratic principles of free choice.
The dialysis analogy is invalid; pregnancy is unique One of the most famous arguments against abortion is the dialysis analogy put forward by Judith Jarvis in 1971. It compares abortion to a situation in which a healthy woman (the mother by analogy) is attached to a dying patient (the fetus by analogy) in order to keep the dying patient alive. The concept is that the dying person does not have a right to the woman's body, and that the woman has a right to unplug (abort) even if it means the death of the other person. The problem with the analogy is many fold: 1. A woman and a fetus have a special relationship that is incomparable to that between a woman and a stranger or even a relative. There is a special biological drive inside the mother to keep the baby alive and a dependency by the baby on the mother. The mother, therefore, has a special responsibility to keep her child alive and not abort; 2. A woman often gives a form of tacit approval to the existence of a fetus in her womb: the act of engaging in sexual behavior; 3. abortion directly kills the embryo and does not merely unplug and let it die. These are critical differences that invalidate a classic, central argument for abortion.
Parents must control their bodies or else risk being a servant of their children?  Rights sometimes come with Responsibilities.
The right to choice/privacy (abortion) does not override the right to life
Women should be held responsible for behavior leading to impregnation.
A woman's rights are not the only rights that need to be respected in abortion
The scale of abortions makes state intervention compelling
Under a veil of ignorance, the unborn would adopt a pro-life social contract
Human life and a right to life begin at conception; abortion is murder
Life is an individual right, not a privilege, for unborn humans
A fetus is uniquely capable of becoming a person; deserves rights
No one argues that an acorn or even an animal fetus has a "sanctity" or rights.
If these criteria for being a person are valid then killing infants is justifiable.
Wanted fetuses are beloved babies; unwanted ones are tissue (inconsistent)
Women can only be pregnant with a child not merely a fetus
Fetuses, as dependents, do have some rights over their mother's body
Pro-abortionists dehumanize fetuses to get away with murder
Abortion deprives a fetus of an entire human future:
The unborn are voiceless and should be protected against abortion
That the fetus may do harm to the mother cannot justify destroying it.
It is wrong to kill fetuses on the basis that they can't think/feel.
Fetuses are conscious in the womb and suffer during abortions
Abortion generally devalues the dignity we assign to life
Abortion sets precedent of valuing some humans less than others
No one argues that an acorn or even an animal fetus has a "sanctity" or rights.
Uncertainty over whether fetuses are life should halt abortions
Human life is continuum; doesn't start/stop at conception
Abortions encourage infanticide
Abortion is murder just as infanticide is murder
Killing helpless fetus is incomparable to death of willing soldier.
Abortions are very risky and hazardous to the women
Preventing back alley abortions are no reason to legalize abortion.
Abortions are emotionally and psychologically unsafe.
Abortion advocates wrongly value quality of life over sanctity of life
Child-rearing is a beautiful, natural process, not a burden
On abortion the issue is when love not life begins
Abortion worsens parenting by devaluing the parent-child relationship
The child's life is being taken away.
Abortion often leads to regret, depression, and even mental illness
Alcoholism and drug-use are common after abortions.
Fewer women would have abortions if they knew what they were doing
The lives of women have been destroyed by abortion, not enhanced
Unborn life should never depend on whether it is wanted
Unwanted children can be adopted; abortion is unnecessary
Support can be given to women who can't support a child
Abortion is not a just response to social problems facing the unborn
Abortion deprives couples that want to adopt of a potential child.
A woman must bear the pain/risks of birth; the life of the fetus is worth it.
A child should not be killed to save a mother:
Abortions under trying circumstances are the exception not the rule
Letting a woman die is better than directly killing an unborn baby
Rape does not qualify abortion; it is not the child's fault; abortion is still murder.
A rape victim can put their baby up for adoption.
Having an abortion is just as wrong as the rape itself.
Abortion fails to liberate women as intended
Abortion opens the door to the sexual exploitation of women
Rejecting abortion and going through with pregnancies empowers women
Abortion is wrongly sought as an alternative form of birth control
What right does anyone have to deprive another of life on the grounds that they deem that life as not worth living?
The fact that a child is likely to have a short life does not justify further shortening it:
A line on viability is arbitrary; from conception humans are always increasingly viable
Difficulties of enforcement should not diminish the principles of the law:
Doctors that perform abortions are often emotionally damaged
The Hippocratic oath forbids doctors from performing abortions
An abortion kills innocents; capital punishment kills the guilty
Abortion is a form of eugenics and mass murder
Abortion disproportionately affects the African American community
Abortion ban may harm poor, but does not change case against it
It is wrong to consider abortion a tool in crime prevention
Pro-lifers are justified in showing gruesome images of abortions.
Abortion forestalls the potential societal contributions of a human being
Abortion undermines the dignity of life, promotes violence
God exists in the unborn as in the born
Christian leaders throughout history have been opposed to abortion
Judaism and the Torah uphold life against abortion
The US Constitution does not explicitly confer a right to abortion
The Declaration of Independence states we have a right to Life (Liberty and the Pursuit of Happiness).
Abortion has been opposed by important figures throughout history
Abortion has a tenuous history of support in the USA
The majority of Americans oppose abortions
