Should governments require that genetically modified foods be labeled?
Labeling helps inform consumers of risks of GM foods
Labeling GM foods applies precautionary principle to unknown risks.
GMFs cause life-threatening allergies
GM foods are not comparable to traditional breeding
Labeling gives consumers a choice on consuming GM foods
Labeling respects opinion of those not wanting to consume GM foods.
Labeling internalizes risks for those choosing to eat GM foods.
Labeling would make superior GM foods stand out.
Labeling ensures vegetarians can avoid GM food animal ingredients.
Unlabelled GM foods violate free right to exercise religion.
Cost of labeling GM foods are exaggerated by opponents
Labeling of GM foods deters further market/trade disruptions.
Labeling GM foods addresses market failure on consumer health
Labeling helps protect the legitimate place of GM foods.
Labeling helps poorer countries avoid economic harm
Insects are likely to become resistant to GM crops
GM food producer lobbyists holding back labeling
Food producers opposing GM labels appear to be hiding risks.
GM food producers opposing labels seem against consumer choice.
GM labeling improves confidence in food safety measures
It is good for labeling to turn consumers off to GM foods.
A large majority of Americans support labeling GM foods.
Labels wrongly imply that GM foods are unsafe
Labeling is wrong when GM foods show no differences with other foods
Labeling ignores that all foods are genetically modified.
Consumers can avoid GM foods by eating organic
Arbitrary labeling rules do not offer any real choice
Difficulty enforcing GM food labels limits actual consumer choices.
Labeling of GM foods has not shown to change consumer behavior.
Most don't mind GM foods, but would pay costs of labeling.
Labeling of genetically modified foods is costly.
Labeling of genetically modified foods increases food prices.
There is not much space on food products for GM labels.
Labeling of genetically modified foods segregates the market.
Labeling requires separate processing of GM and non-GM foods
Mandatory labeling disincentivizes innovation in food technology
Labeling all foods containing any GM ingredients is impractical.
Defining GM and non-GM foods is nearly impossible.
Not all GM foods are detectable; labeling is inaccurate
Different GM labeling standards across countries is a problem
Labeling of GM foods alarms and turns-away consumers.
Labeling is part of efforts to stigmatize GM foods
Opinions vary significantly in different places.
Opinion is often divided or ambivalent on labeling GM foods.
