Who is the better candidate for the US Presidency?
Modern US crises require McCain's experience and steady hand
McCain's long record of experience far outshines Obama's
Obama lacks the experience necessary to be an effective president
McCain has been tempered by adversity more than Obama
McCain has a wide range of interests and experience
McCain has abundant foreign policy national security experience.
McCain is a uniquely honorable patriot and statesman
McCain has the integrity to place principle before politics
Obama's move to center for general elections lacks integrity
Obama voted present too often when in the Illinois Senate.
McCain will put country first in solving challenges in US
Obama's hope is mostly hype
John McCain is a patriotic war hero
John McCain is trustworthy and loyal
Barack Obama is no John F. Kennedy
Obama made too many campaign promises to fulfill them all
McCain is a Maverick that places principle before party
Obama is too liberal to unify America and act as president
McCain's has a soundly conservative Republican record
McCain is just as conservative as Ronald Reagan was
Obama does not have a history of being a bridge-builder
McCain offers the right kind of change
Only McCain has actually made change happen
McCain will fight corruption and clean-up Washington
McCain is not George W. Bush.
John McCain's foreign policy experience is second to none
McCain has much more national security experience than Obama
Obama's time in Indonesia did not provide foreign policy experience
Obama's Iraq policy wrongly denies progress there
The Iraq war is justified by events; the world is safer.
Withdrawing early will destroy the democratic potential of Iraq
Many Iraqis support the continued presence of US forces
An early withdrawal from Iraq would be highly risky to exiting troops
McCain tax policies are better than Obama's
McCain was very brave when held captive in Vietnam.
John McCain is a decorated war hero.
Obama is simply too young to be president
Age as a stereotype that should not be used against McCain.
John McCain is energetic and young at heart
John McCain has been given a full fill of health.
Being black won't change policies.
Obama has history of relations with anti-American figures
War and senatorial experience does not give McCain leadership experience.
Obama understands world and America's place in it
Obama's diverse global background is valuable.
Obama would be a fresh, uncorrupted face in the White House
Obama has a strong record of legislative achievement
McCain's long career in Senate is a negative
Obama represents the best of American qualities
Obama is willing to tell Americans uncomfortable truths
McCain tried to circumvent campaign-finance rules he created
Barack Obama is an uplifting and inspirational figure
Obama's charisma and persuasiveness help rally people around actions
Obama has articulated a better vision for America
Obama inspires people to become better citizens.
Obama is leading a movement for change, not just a campaign
Barack Obama is a modern day JFK or Bobby Kennedy
Obama can unify America to meet its challenges
Obama will not govern from the left, but from the center
John McCain has run a divisive campaign
Obama is a break from a Republican administration.
McCain offers four more years of Bush's failed policies
Obama can help clean up economic mess Bush created
Electing Obama will improve image of US as a tolerant nation
Obama can help bridge gap between Muslim and Christian worlds
The invasion of Iraq was illegal, making a withdrawal necessary
Iraq will not become a model democracy; US shouldn't stay for this
The Iraqi parliament has called for the United States to withdrawal
Prolonging Iraq War will permanently damage US military
McCain will help fight inequality; McCain will not
McCain adopted same failed economic policies as Bush
McCain war record shows bravery, not wisdom
McCain's false confession to committing war crimes was dishonorable.
McCain was dropping bombs in the unjust Vietnam war
Obama is 46 and plenty old enough to be president
Obama would be older than many past presidents
John McCain's old age is a serious handicap
John McCain would be the oldest president ever to take office.
John McCain would likely lose his bearings while in office.
McCain's age is a problem because Sarah Palin is unqualified.
Electing Barack Obama will advance racial equality
Obama can push America beyond quarrels of baby-boom generation
