Was the United States NSA's warrantless wiretapping program justified?
FISA authorized the president to conduct wartime electronic surveillance without warrants.
FISA made room for the 2001 Authorization of the Use of Military Force to authorize warrantless wiretapping:
PATRIOT Act Amendments to FISA lowered boundaries to warrantless wiretapping:
The NSA program was legal under Title II of the USA PATRIOT Act entitled Enhanced Surveillance Procedures.
The administration argued as early as 2004:
The use of 'all necessary and appropriate force in the AUMF validates the warrantless wiretapping program:
The AUMF gave the President the authority to bi-pass certain FISA restrictions:
The program is narrowly focused on international phone calls:
The Supreme Court has long held that the Fourth Amendment allows warrantless searches where 'special needs, beyond the normal need for law enforcement' exist
The program easily meets the Court's reasonableness test for whether a warrant is required.
Judge Taylor misused the precedent of the Youngstown Sheet and Tube Case (seizure of U.S. steel mills in the face of a union strike) and overlooked many of its and subsequent rulings
The NSA program is consistent with the President's inherent powers:
The Unitary Executive Theory gives the President unfettered authority over the NSA program:
The President's Article II powers provide an exception to the warrant requirement that is unassailable by Congress:
Gen. Michael V. Hayden, the country's second-ranking intelligence official and the director of the N.S.A said
National security intelligence collection generally reveals very few leads for the amount of information process:
Evidence that the program has aided in a number of domestic security achievements:
Specter 16 March, 2006 Statement on Introduced Bills:
I do not agree with those who contend that the current FISA law is just fine. When the FISA bill was enacted in 1978, we faced a very
FISA blocked terrorist intelligence findings pre 9/11:
Revealing sources and methods:
A May, 2006 USA Today poll found 43% of Americans approve of the NSA program.
FISA makes illegal all warrantless wiretapping without a court order under the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act (FISA) Law
Article 50 United States Code, section 1809
The breadth of the NSA program was too wide, extending beyond the boundaries of just cause:
Some sources claim,
Wiretapping doesn't qualify as a use of force authorized by the AUMF:
The 2004 Hamdi ruling does not support the case that the AUMF gave the President the right to engage in the NSA wiretapping program:
FISA has a clear War Time role and thus can't be overridden by the AUMF:
The sense of the Senate is that the AUMF does not override FISA:
The NSA program's failure to procure judicial orders violated the fourth (right to privacy) and first amendments (freedom of speech):
The NSA program's abuses of civil liberties extend well beyond the special needs category of the law:
Congress has Article I Section 8 Constitutional authority over national security:
FISA is a demonstration of Congressional authority in regulating Presidential powers on surveillance issues
Broad presidential powers are limited by the 1978 FISA bill:
Congressional involvement and checks and balances is a national security imperative:
A state of war is not blank check for the executive; it includes checks and balances:
Executive power and authority, even in matters of national security, is weakened by disagreement or non-participation with Congress or the Courts:
No court precedent supports President Bush's theory that FISA impedes on the executive's inherent powers.
F.B.I. agents complain of dead-ends from NSA program intel:
Other means have uncovered the same evidence revealed by the NSA program:
FISA was amended within the context of the emerging threat of terrorism:
FISA authorizes the Justice Department to obtain warrants from the secret Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court (FISC) up to 72 hours after the beginning of the eavesdropping.
Specter - Prosecutors have significant flexibility in investigating domestic conspiracy cases.
50 percent of the respondents believe the program was wrong.
A May, 2006 USA Today poll found 51% of Americans disapprove of the NSA program.
The American Bar Association
President Bush's former Assistant Deputy Attorney General for national security issues, David Kris
