Should troops be withdrawn from Iraq as immediately, and before conditions permit?
The invasion of Iraq was illegal, making a withdrawal necessary
The US tried and failed to secure a UN Security Council authorization for war.
US justifications for war in Iraq were faulty, making a continued occupation baseless.
The Iraq War will be illegal after UN authorizations expire on January 1, 2009
Congress authorized the war for objectives that no longer exist
The 2001 Congressional war on terror resolution does not authorize the Iraq War
Iraq will not become a model democracy; US shouldn't stay for this
The domino theory relies on a highly questionable notion of Iraq turning Islamist.
We should trust that democracy will appeal to Muslims no matter what happens in Iraq.
The Iraq War has damaged US international security leverage in the world
Withdrawing from Iraq would restore US credibility not undermine it
The Iraq War has hamstrung US Middle East policy
The world wants the US to withdraw from Iraq and would support its decision to do so.
Torturous and brutal tactics in Iraq have only worsened US moral credibility.
The US has accomplished its limited strategic objectives in Iraq, so it can leave.
The US is subjecting itself to imperial overstretch in Iraq
A policy of containing fundamentalism would successfully follow withdrawing from Iraq.
The Iraq War has decreased oil production in Iraq rather than secured it
The longer the US stays in Iraq the harder it becomes to withdraw
The domino theory in a post-Iraq-withdrawal Middle East is as illegitimate as it was with Vietnam
The death toll following the US withdrawal from Vietnam was not bad
Withdrawing from Vietnam did not undercut US credibility and it won't in Iraq either
Success in the Middle East will be achieved like in South East Asia; despite withdrawing
It is not credible anymore to claim that success is possible this time
No strategic changes in Iraq can alter the fundamental impossibilities of the conflict.
Success in Iraq is impossible so withdrawal should come sooner than later
Historically, victory in offensive occupations is nearly impossible
Withdrawing troops would actually improve security and so uphold any obligation to Iraqis.
The US has obligations to the world that must be considered over obligations to just Iraqis.
The US has obligations to its own citizens that must be considered along side obligations to Iraqis.
Foreign troops are doing more harm than good in Iraq
Withdrawing from Iraq would remove the rallying cause of the insurgency
The US presence in Iraq has drawn in tens of thousands of foreign fighters.
Sunni insurgents are too weak to seize Baghdad following a US withdrawal
A US troop presence in Iraq provides terrorists with a justification for their presence among Iraqis.
A US withdrawal might embolden Jihadists, but they are insignificant in Iraq
Al Qaeda will not thrive in majority Shiite Iraq
Al Qaeda is powerless to establish a caliphate in Iraq after a US withdrawal
Iraqi Sunnis would mainly oppose Al Qaeda after the US leaves
Al Qaeda in Iraq (AQI) is not coordinated with Al Qaeda at large
Iraq is only a jihadist-terrorist threat because US troops are there to be targeted.
The US can back anti-terrorism efforts in and around Iraq after leaving
Coalition troops in Iraq fuel anti-Americanism and terrorism globally
The Iraq War has distracted attention away from the War on Terror
Occupying Iraq makes the USA and its allies targets for terrorist attack throughout the world.
Mending relations with countries that opposed the war would make it easier to fight the war on terror.
It is wrong to believe that we need to fight terrorists in Iraq to prevent them from coming to the US.
Withdrawing from Iraq may embolden terrorists, but the war itself emboldens them
A coalition timetable would force Iraqis to come together and work faster.
No Iraqi political reconciliation has been accomplished or is on the horizon
There is no military solution in Iraq
Coalition forces harm the popular legitimacy of Iraqi leaders that work with them
The Iraqi people and government are full capable of providing for their own security.
Political progress lends as much to the notion of withdrawing as staying.
Democracy not possible in Iraq, so why stay?
Sputtering Iraqi economy requires indefinite US presence
Limited success of surge only feeds false hopes in Iraq
Foreign troops are doing more harm than good in Iraq
Case against Iraq withdrawal relies on fear mongering
Claims that disaster would follow withdrawal are made by discredited advocates of invasion
Once the US begins to leave, Iraqi's will take control of their own security.
Genocide is occurring in Iraq regardless of US withdrawal
Genocide won't occur in Iraq, where factions are evenly armed
Coalition forces are fueling sectarian conflict by playing groups against each other
An early withdrawal would end Sunni fears of working with Shiite collaborators
Iraq's Sunnis and Shiites have a history of tolerance not violence
Civil war is already occurring in Iraq so a US withdrawal can't cause one
Regional powers have an interest in preventing civil war
Iraqi factions don't have heavy weapons to engage in an offensive civil war
Iraqis will avoid civil war precisely because its prospects are so grim
Iraqi civil roots are strong enough to avoid civil war if US leaves
Few Iraqi sectarian leaders want a civil war to disrupt their oil revenues
Iraqis would unify around an early US withdrawal, avoiding civil war
After a coalition withdrawal, Iraqis won't want to fail their country by waging a civil war.
Regional powers would provide limited support to Iraqi proxies in any civil war
US troops should not be in Iraq to police a civil war.
Regional powers in Iraq not equipped for war
Regional powers would prefer stability in Iraq to protect their oil industries
Troops could be withdrawn to Iraq's borders to ensure against a regional conflict.
Regional powers would help stabilize Iraq following US withdrawal
The Kurds would not seek to establish a non-viable Kurdish state
Kurds may secede regardless if US stays or leaves Iraq
Turkey is unlikely to intervene if the Kurds secede
No evidence that Iraq War has weakened Iran
Iraqi nationalism will prevent Iranian influence after US withdrawal
Iranian influence in Iraq is limited because Iraqi Shiites are Arab not Persian.
Staying in Iraq risks starting a war with Iran
The Iraq War has benefited Iran by eliminating its Iraqi adversaries
The Iraq War has benefited Iran by distracting and weakening its US adversaries.
US leaders should not honor dead soldiers by keeping live ones in harms way
American soldiers would rather leave Iraq than stay
Setting a timetable would boost troop morale not damage it
Keeping troops in Iraq beyond their call of duty is an abuse not an honor
Hiding behind support the troops abrogates the responsibilities of command
Keeping troops in Iraq is obviously more dangerous than a rapid withdrawal.
The withdrawal of US troops will be welcome and won't be resisted by Iraqis.
Prolonging the Iraq War will permanently damaged the US military
War in Iraq is a cause of US economic recession
Withdrawing from Iraq would provide a needed stimulus to the US economy.
The 2002 Congressional war-authorization does not cover the current scope of the Iraq War.
The majority of Americans want troops to withdraw from Iraq on a timetable.
Americans would not have supported the Iraq War if they'd known what it would become
Public opinion in coalition countries is moving strongly in favour of withdrawing forces from Iraq as soon as possible.
The Iraqi parliament has called for the United States to withdrawal
The US should withdraw immediately to respect the will of Iraqis
The US should not be in a country where a near majority support attacks against its soldier
The invasion of Iraq was legal
Iraq never disarmed after Kuwait, inviting the use of force
That Iraq
The UN continually concluded that Iraq was breaching its disarmament obligations
Post-invasion UN resolutions authorized the presence of coalition forces in Iraq.
The Iraq war was fully justified at the time of the decision based on the evidence.
Saddam Hussein would have re-started Iraq's WMD program some-day.
The Iraq war is justified by events; the world is safer.
The US has to make the best of Iraq irrespective of faulty justifications going in.
Withdrawing early will destroy the democratic potential of Iraq
Withdrawing from Iraq would undermine democracies in region
Enemies of the US would view an early withdrawal from Iraq as a sign of fecklessness
An early withdrawal from Iraq would undermine US credibility with allies
Iraq is a pillar of American strategy in the Middle East that should not be abandoned
If the US withdraws early from Iraq, it will have to return to fight again
A premature US withdrawal would jeopardize world oil supplies
Withdrawing would be counter to US and allied oil-interests in Iraq.
Succeeding in Iraq will help justify the war and those who supported it.
Withdrawing from Vietnam was a mistake and so should be avoided in Iraq
Success in Iraq is possible, as is evidenced by the succesful surge
The coalition can succeed in Iraq with more fine tunings of its strategy
Given the investment the US has made in Iraq, it cannot give up now.
You cannot ignore the problems involved in the War in Iraq and hope they will go away.
Americans are increasingly optimistic about the prospects for success in Iraq.
The US has a duty to Iraqis to stay and minimize the damage it has caused
An early US withdrawal from Iraq would boost the morale of insurgents
Following a withdrawal, insurgents would attack the Iraqi government and troops
An early US exit would demoralize Iraqi troops
An early US exit might cause Iraqi troops to defect to the insurgency
An early withdrawal from Iraq would embolden terrorists
The war in Iraq is a central front in the war on Islamic fundamentalism
Al Qaeda has made Iraq a central front and they must be stopped there
If the US withdraws from Iraq, it will become an Islamist base for Al Qaeda
Once the US leaves, terrorists will launch a massive, violent campaign.
An early US withdrawal would enable Al Qaeda to use Iraqi oil revenue
An early withdrawal from Iraq would hurt US credibility in the War on Terror
The Iraq war has not made us more vulnerable to terrorist attacks than before
Withdrawal from Iraq would crush moderates, embolden extremists
An early withdrawal would destroy Iraq's nascent government.
Political progress has been made but must be continued with coalition support.
Despite promising developments, it is unrealistic to expect Iraq's own forces to be able to take over fully in the near future.
An early US withdrawal would undermine international support for the Iraqi government
Iraq contains oil reserves critical to global economy
That coalition troops are not the cause of violence is shown by the fact that most attacks are not against them
An early US withdrawal from Iraq would be generally disastrous
Coalition withdrawal is more likely to damage Iraq than help it
Reports concluding that an early withdrawal from Iraq would be disastrous
Withdrawing from Iraq prematurely would be as disastrous as withdrawing from Vietnam
An early withdrawal from Iraq would result in a Shiite genocide of Sunnis.
An early withdrawal could turn Iraq into another Cambodia.
Withdrawing from Iraq despite risks of genocide would further desensitize world
If coalition forces withdraw too early, Iraq will likely fall into civil war
Coalition forces are neutral and so more capable than Iraqi troops of preventing civil war
Many armed sectarian factions have a direct interest in fomenting civil war.
Coalition troop surge prevented civil war in Iraq
A troop withdrawal would lead to a refuge crisis in Iraq and regionally
A civil war in Iraq would draw in regional powers
The Saudis would back Sunni Iraqis if the US pulls out
Withdrawing coalition troops from Iraq would increase the likelihood of a civil war between Kurds and Arabs.
Iran's influence in Iraq would grow significantly if the United States withdraws.
Withdrawing from Iraq will damage the United States' ability to deal with Iran.
Withdrawing from Iraq would embolden Islamic extremists in Iran.
Israel Foreign Minister Tzipi Livni said in March 2007
Honoring the fallen requires that US troops remain to see victory through in Iraq
US troops want to find meaning in their sacrifices in Iraq by finishing the mission.
Many US troops see an on-the-ground need for their continued presence there.
A hasty withdrawal from Iraq could risk the lives of coalition troops.
An early withdrawal from Iraq would boost the morale of terrorists
An early withdrawal from Iraq would be highly risky to exiting troops.
Deficit spending in Iraq is not what is causing the economy to recede in the status quo
You cannot put a price on freedom and security.
Congressional Authorization for the Use of Military Force provides a continued mandate for the war.
Americans are increasingly optimistic about the prospects for success in Iraq.
The Commander in Chief is given executive authority to prosecute the Iraq War.
While publics do want the US to leave, they also express a desire to see a stable Iraq.
Many Iraqis support the continued presence of US forces
