What are the pros and cons of biofuels as a solution to global warming?
Biofuels are produced domestically.
Algae biofuel
Biofuels burn more cleanly, cun cut greenhouse gas emissions
Carbon neutral biofuels only emit CO2 they draw from atmosphere
Biofuels can power biofuel production (self-sustaining and carbon neutral).
Biofuels can be produced locally, reducing transport/emissions.
Biofuel requires open-land, which is often found in poor countries.
Genetically modified crops help produce more biofuel more efficiently.
Biofuels are essential to replacing waning and high-priced petroleum
Biofuels are abudnant, renewable, and will never run out
Biofuels will increase energy supply so decrease prices.
The biofuel industry will create domestic jobs.
Biofuels will promote rural development.
Biofuel stumbling blocks will be overcome with time
Subsidizing biofuels helps lower gas prices and save taxpayers money.
Food sources are not required to produce biofuel.
Biofuel crops do not harm food production and can actually help
Biofuels have not been the cause of higher food prices and shortages
Biofuels lower petroleum prices, reducing food transport costs/prices.
It is OK to use food for other purposes than eating it
Many forms of biofuel do not use food sources.
Biofuels are an easy transition for people unlike other renewables
Fast-growing algae can make much more biofuel comparatively.
Algae biofuel creates useful byproducts.
Biofuels are not viable enough to relieve foreign oil dependencies.
Biofuels production and use may increase greenhouse gas emissions
Developing new land for biofuels can release greenhouse gases
Greenhouse-gas-emitting natural gas is used to make biofuel fertilizer.
Not enough land exists for biofuels; can't have an impact.
Producing biofuels requires more energy than they generate.
It is better to plant trees and leave them.
Biofuel production requires too much land.
There are more efficient ways how to harness solar energy than Biofuels.
Biofuels emit more particulate pollutants than gasoline/diesel
Forests and ecosystems are cleared to make room for biofuel crops.
Biofuel farms increase water-use and chemical run-off
Bioengineering of crops for biofuels does environmental harm.
Developing a biofuel economy is more expensive than alternatives
Shifting to a biofuel economy would take decades.
Biofuel development increases demand for scarce water resources.
The main proponents of biofuel are farmers and their lobbies.
The production of biofuels is unreliable.
Despite ample investment, production costs remain high
Government subsidies are being wasted on biofuels.
Biofuel production can increase the price of many foods
Biofuel production consumes crops that could feed people
Only special flex-cars can use corn ethanol.
The biomass for creating alae biofuel has to be created from scratch.
