Should solar shading be part of plans to reverse global climate change?
Solar shading can effectively and rapidly reverse global warming
Solar shield reverses global warming; emissions reductions do not
Solar shading is a just response to irreversible global warming
Global shading offers a back-up plan to cutting emissions
Solar shading need not replace clean energy
Solar shading stops global warming and buys time to cut emissions.
Humans already change climate; geoengineering not new
Irreversible climate change makes geoengineering unavoidable.
Arguments against geoengineering are too elusive
Geoengineering has gained credibility in scientific communities
Solar shields can be adjusted according to effects
Sunshield costs are reasonable in face of global warming
A space shield does not affect Earth's ozone like particle shading.
Sulfur dioxide solar shielding is an economical solution
Sulfur dioxide solar shielding has gained scientific credibility.
Volcanoes perform solar shading; why is it wrong for humans to do so?
Solar ring would protect hottest ares on Earth
Solar ring is cheapest solar shading solution
Solar shading might cool tropics, but not high latitudes and poles
Geoengineering is just as likely to damage the environment as help
Geoengineering concepts dampen public will to cut emissions
Solar shading reduces sunlight energy available to solar panels
Discontinuing solar shading would result in rapid warming
Unethical to change planet w/o universal approval
Once geoengineering begins, there is no going back
Private control of geoengineering projects has great risks
Geoengineering technologies risk being used for military purposes
Who gets to decide what temperature and climate is ideal?
Solar shading would reduce sunlight received by plants
Solar shading will decrease surface evaporation/rain.
Solar shading may increase Eurasian 'winter warming'.
Better ways to fight global warming than geoengineering
A space shield would be far too expensive
Injecting sulphates into the atmosphere would destroy the ozone
Sulfur shading solves global warming by polluting the air
Solar shading approaches threaten to increase ocean acidification
Sulphate solar shading may increase cloud cover
Volcanic clouds do great damage, as would solar shading
Sulphate solar shading will change the appearance of the sky
Solar shading may warm the tropopause and lower stratosphere.
Sulphate solar shading may increase acid rain.
A space ring would be far too expensive
