Should geothermal energy be a major part of plans to combat global warming?
Geothermal energy emits no greenhouse gases; can cut emissions
Geothermal replaces oil-heating; helps reduces greenhouse emissions
Geothermal energy does not cause acid rain like fossil fuels.
Geothermal energy does not release any waste byproduct.
Geothermal drilling can be regulated to avoid releasing toxins.
The environmental benefits of geothermal outweigh the costs
Geothermal energy takes less land than other renewables
Geothermal energy is a renewable resource when managed properly.
Geothermal energy is free; requires no purchase of fuel.
Geothermal energy is cost-effective for heating and cooling spaces
Geothermal energy is flexible, powering homes, towns, and cities
The geothermal energy industry creates jobs.
Geothermal energy can be a source of tourism
Geothermal energy is unaffected by changing weather conditions.
Geothermal power plants work continuously day and night.
Geothermal energy is simple, proven, and reliable
Geothermal is unaffected by fuel price and transport instabilities.
No energy source is 100% available in all locations.
Geothermal is one of the most abundant sources of energy
Geothermal maintains superior interior air quality.
Geothermal pumps require no external electricity source.
Geothermal energy increases residency in healthy regions.
Geothermal has a relatively very small visual impact
Geothermal energy can reduce dependencies on foreign oil
Geothermal has demonstrated itself in Iceland.
Geothermal energy harmfully releases heat into atmosphere
Geothermal energy cannot scale to significantly cut emissions.
Geothermal energy drilling and extraction can cause earthquakes
Geothermal drilling can release toxic gases from the earth
Geothermal wastewater contains toxic chemicals.
Geothermal sites can cool down over time so are not renewable
Many geothermal engines operate at an inefficient low temperature.
Geothermal energy is often too far from populated areas.
Geothermal drilling can be expensive.
The geothermal energy industry DOES NOT create jobs.
Geothermal plants often blow-out.
Geothermal sites can unexpectedly run out of energy
The output of geothermal power plants degrades over time.
Weather and frosting can impair geothermal energy production.
Few areas are suitable for geothermal energy development
Geothermal exploration and location is difficult
Locating geothermal plants next to volcanoes is risky.
Geothermal heat pumps can encounter significant maintenance problems.
Geothermal energy plants are often very noisy.
Geothermal energy plants look and operate like coal plants.
Geothermal is not available to all to cut oil dependencies.
Iceland is an exceptional case for geothermal energy.
