Should hybrid vehicles be a major part of plans to fight global climate change?
Hybrids significantly reduce emissions, fight global warming
New batteries increase hybrid efficiency and reduce emissions
Hybrids reduce emissions through regenerative braking.
Hybrids increase efficiency by shutting engines down while idling.
Hybrid cars are an important step in the right direction
New hybrid car batteries are much safer for the environment
Fuel-efficient hybrid vehicles are competitive in the markets
Higher gasoline prices favor fuel-efficient hybrids
Hybrid vehicles reduce noise pollution
Hybrid vehicles could have noise-making devices for safety.
Hybrids actually have more power than gasoline vehicles
Hybrid vehicle owners unlikely to replace batteries
Operating a hybrid is the same as a regular gasoline vehicle.
Hybrid vehicles have more power/performance than hybrids.
Hybrid vehicles have greater driving range than electric cars.
Both hybrids and electric vehicles should be pursued.
Hybrids are more economical than electric cars.
Hybrid don't have to be plugged in like electric cars.
Hydrogen cars are a long way away; hybrids are here now
Hybrid cars still burn gasoline and emit greenhouse gases
Hybrid cars are too mild a solution to global warming
Hybrids distract from and delay developing 0-emission cars
Hybrids make us think we're doing enough to solve global warming
Manufacturing hybrids releases comparatively more greenhouse gases
Hybrid vehicle batteries are a burden to deal with
Hybrid cars rely on waning gasoline supplies so can't survive long-term.
Hybrid vehicles cost a lot more, but do the same job.
Hybrids are more complicated, which has has costs
Hybrid batteries and cars are built to last only 100,000 miles
Hybrids are more efficient largely because they have smaller engines.
Quiet hybrids are a risk to those that can't hear them coming
Power of hybrids is senseless in the face of global warming.
Hybrids are only built to last a paltry 100,000 miles.
Electric vehicles combat global warming more aggressively than hybrids.
The performance of hybrids is unrelated to global warming.
Hybrid cars are simply a way for oil companies to maintain profits.
Plugging-in you car at night is easer than pumping gas.
Hydrogen cars combat global warming more aggressively than hybrids.
