Should hydrogen vehicles be a major part of strategies to fight global warming?
0-emission hydrogen cars can slash emissions, fight global warming
Hydrogen produced from coal-electricity is still cleaner than gasoline.
Electricity for hydrogen production can be made 100% 0-emission
Hydrogen fuel can be made by clean nuclear electricity
It's OK to use more energy to make hydrogen than is obtained out
Clean materials and processes can be used to produce hydrogen
Hydrogen cars will be economically viable soon, not in decades
Hydrogen cars will create new industries and jobs
Hydrogen is abundant and universally accessible.
Hydrogen has more energy per weight than any other fuel.
Hydrogen can be produced by a variety of domestic resources
Hydrogen cars will help end foreign oil dependencies
Hydrogen can decrease tensions over oil and promote peace
Existing pipelines can be used in a new hydrogen economy
A small and growing hydrogen infrastructure already exists
Hydrogen storage in cars is available and affordable
Hydrogen fuel-cell cars are really electric cars
It is not too energy-intensive to compress hydrogen
Hydrogen in cars is less dangerous than gasoline
Hydrogen was not responsible for the Hindenburg explosion
Hydrogen is non-toxic, unlike most fossil fuels.
Hydrogen cars require less maintenance than gasoline cars.
Refueling with hydrogen will be cleaner and easier
Hydrogen cars are like high-performance electric cars
Hydrogen cars are not a means of distracting from electric cars
Hydrogen cars can become 100% clean; hybrids cannot.
Too much energy is required in producing hydrogen fuel
Hydrogen is only as clean as the electricity producing it
Hydrogen vehicles will arrive too late to help climate change
Some methods strip hydrogen from Methane, releasing C02
Uneconomical hydrogen cars cannot grow to impact global warming.
Supporting hydrogen cars is a form of phony greenwashing
Hydrogen cars distract from better renewable alternatives
Too much energy required to compress hydrogen for cars
Leaked hydrogen damages the environment like chlorofluorocarbons.
Hydrogen is not readily available on Earth
Hydrogen cars are very expensive
Hydrogen for fuel cell vehicles is very expensive
A hydrogen economy would require huge government investments
Hydrogen fuel is a weak energy source by volume.
Uneconomical hydrogen cars can't lower foreign dependencies.
Alternatives to hydrogen exist to lower foreign oil dependencies.
Hydrogen cars would need a new fueling infrastructure.
Hydrogen fuel cells require technology breakthrough
Hydrogen can't be compressed to give sufficient driving range
Too much energy is required in compressing/liquefying hydrogen
Liquefying hydrogen requires extremely low temperatures.
With no lubricity hydrogen is highly volatile in handling.
Hydrogen fuel cell containers are weak/dangerous at present.
Hydrogen is flammable and dangerous
An accident could end the political future of hydrogen cars
Hydrogen cars are hard to start in sub-zero weather.
Hydrogen fuel is susceptible to fuel contamination.
Hydrogen cars cannot be charged at home like electric cars.
Hydrogen is more challenging than alternatives
Electric car battery technology and costs are improving rapidly
Hydrogen fuel cell cars are noisier than electric cars
Hybrids outshine hydrogen cars in performance and price
