The pros and cons of seeking an MBA.
MBA significantly improves job/career/salary prospect
Hiring b/w MBA and non-MBA usually goes to MBA
MBA graduates are generally paid very well
MBA generally offers professional credibility
MBA is a good way to get into inner circle of a business
Career advancement often requires an MBA
Corporate demand for MBA is strong
MBA demonstrates high performance and key skills
MBA offers a choice of employers
MBA opens doors to more jobs.
MBA enhances teamwork, leadership skills, and confidence
Many leading managerial positions require an MBA.
MBA offers knowledge/experience key to confidence/leadership
MBA teaches how to operate/lead organizations at scale
CEOs should have an MBA
An MBA is a great investment
MBA is valued currency in any business or organization
MBA very valuable if outside of previous area of study.
Employers pay for employee MBAs because it's a good investment.
MBA provides base knowledge expected in business management
MBA teaches you to think like a business person
MBA helps avoid mistakes with on-job training
MBA provides business competencies more quickly than on-job training
MBA teaches essential business language
MBA can be very interesting
An MBA can be a nice academic break from work
MBA offers self-satisfaction at accomplishment.
MBA provides key knowledge for starting/running a business
MBAs have a statistically lower chance of failed start-ups.
MBA teaches strategic planning, not just tactics
Better to finish MBA sooner than later
MBA is a great way to make a career change
Harder for older people to re-adjust to school/MBA
Harder for older students to balance life/family/MBA
MBA offers unmatched networking opportunities
MBA exposes one to ambitious peers
MBA offers strategy and managerial skills useful anywhere
MBA is equalizer; disadvantaged can excel after undergrad
MBA is not necessary to career/salary advancement
MBA is no guarantee of advancement or even a job.
Some of the best businessmen don't have MBAs
Enrolling in MBA can break stride in career
MBA may not teach needed info for higher jobs
Employers prefer years of work experience over MBA
Some employers see MBA grads as too expensive
MBA will not improve X factors of leadership
MBAs get training in numbers, but not leadership
Actions more important than badges like MBA
MBA is expensive with painful monthly payments.
Total cost of MBA (including opportunity costs) is high
Debt from MBA can be a major burden.
Making money is better than paying tuition.
MBA is bad investment if you have no career goals
MBA is a more costly investment of time later in career
On-the-job training much better than MBA
Economic theories much different than actual consumer behavior
MBA education is very time-consuming and stressful
Few executives believe MBA preps for real business
Being graded and evaluated is not fun.
Work work is more rewarding than homework.
MBAs sometimes speak with too much elite business jargon
Challenge/reward can be found outside MBA
MBA teaches analysis, when energy/creativity needed at start-ups
MBA will always be there; start-up opportunity might night
Learning finance is no substitute for learning cash flow
MBA-taught complex business models are costly|
Better to wait to see if MBA is necessary.
Getting an MBA later in career and life is fine.
Better to wait for employer who will pay your MBA.
Older MBA students may appreciate it much more.
Older MBA students bring more experience/perspective.
Real world better for networking than MBA programs
