Should NGVs be prioritized in plans to fight global warming? Pros and cons?
Natural gas vehicles reduce emissions, fight global warming
Natural gas burns more cleanly than gasoline in general
Natural gas is the cleanest transportation fuel available
Existing gasoline vehicles can be converted to cleaner natural gas.
Natural gas can help smooth the transition to renewable energy.
Emissions from natural gas can be filtered out
Technology minimizes environmental footprint of natural gas
Natural gas can cost much less than gasoline per gallon
Natural gas is abundant, cheap, and will last for centuries.
With gasoline prices high, natural gas is relatively cheap
Natural gas vehicles are commercially viable now
Natural gas vehicles have been around for decades
NGV's can be refueled anywhere from existing natural gas lines.
Natural gas vehicle fuel tanks are very strong and safe
Natural gas leaks dissipate quickly; pose little risk
Natural gas is less flammable and explosive than other fuels
Natural gas utilities have a long record of safety
Natural gas safety regulations are very strong
Natural gas is non-toxic.
Odors added to natural gas to enable human detection
Natural gas cars perform comparably to petrol cars
NGV's operate just like gasoline vehicles (no training required).
Existing gasoline-powered vehicles may be converted to CNG
Refueling natural gas vehicles fast and convenient
Liquefied natural gas can be a good fuel for vehicles.
NGV's may reduce emissions, but still contribute to global warming
Natural gas hardly reduces emissions compared to petroleum
0-emissions vehicles are a superior option to natural gas vehicles
More efficient gasoline cars and hybrids are better than NGVs
Gasoline vehicles converted for natural gas are inefficient.
Natural gas will decrease price of oil and coal and increase consumption.
Methane in natural gas is a major contributor to global warming
Natural gas drilling leaves a large environmental footprint
Waste from natural gas extraction jeopardizes water resources
Natural gas is a nonrenewable fossil fuel.
Compressed natural gas vehicles cost more
Natural gas vehicles are not yet commercially viable.
Most nations must import natural gas from abroad
Natural gas stations are unavailable in some places
Natural gas leaks are a fire and explosion risk
Odorless natural gas can escape detection risking fire/explosion.
Unregulated natural gas car conversions can be dangerous
Argument: Natural gas can be harmful and even poisonous to ingest
Odorless natural gas presents greater risk of ingestion.
Burning natural gas releases ultra-fine particles; a health risk.
The performance of natural gas vehicles is not notable.
Natural gas cars have a smaller range than gasoline engines.
Refueling will only be easy with a natural gas infrastructure.
LNG tankers are vulnerable to terrorist attacks.
