Is nuclear energy justified and should it be expanded?
All carbon-free energy sources are needed, including nuclear
Fossil fuels, not nuclear, are the real enemies of renewables.
Nuclear energy competes, but so do renewables compete against each other.
Nuclear power dramatically cuts emissions and fights global warming
Nuclear energy is the primary alternative to dirty coal
Nuclear energy has a carbon footprint, but it is negligible.
Nuclear is only clean energy source that can replace fossil fuels
Nuclear energy is needed to meet growing electricity demands
The risks of a catastrophic nuclear meltdown are very low
A 1986 Chernobyl accident would not occur today
Three Mile Island was actually a nuclear safety success
Nuclear energy has an exceptionally good safety record
Nuclear energy has caused far fewer deaths than coal
If nuclear power is so risky, why aren't existing plants shut down?
Nuclear-powered ships demonstrate safety of nuclear energy
Nuclear plants are made safer and safer by new technologies
Uranium is abundant and will last for hundreds of years
Nuclear energy is highly efficient
Nuclear energy has a smaller surface-area footprint on the land.
There are many novel sources of uranium
Building nuclear plants requires less capital than dams.
Nuclear power requires a very small area.
Concentration of power in nuclear is economical.
Nuclear power is relatively inexpensive
Nuclear energy internationally demonstrates its viability
Nuclear energy economies of scale are improving
Nuclear energy costs are unfairly increased by regulations and politics
Nuclear energy needed to prevent future power outages
Nuclear energy waste can be recycled
Nuclear waste is minimal, solid, and manageable
Nuclear waste radioactivity dissipates over time.
Technologies for breaking-down radioactive waste are being developed.
Waste heat from nuclear reactors can be used
Nuclear waste radiation no worse than natural radiation
Radiation around nuclear plants is well within safe limits
Nuclear power will help lower oil dependencies and risks.
Nuclear energy can help supply the poor world with needed electricity
Nuclear facilities are designed to withstand terrorists attacks
Nuclear facilities are less vulnerable to terrorists than other targets
Nuclear energy should not be banned on mere risk of weapons-use
New nuclear reprocessing systems reduce risks of weapons-use
Diplomacy and force should be used to counter proliferation risks of nuclear energy
Nuclear energy can reduce materials available for weapons-use.
Populations surrounding nuclear power plants approve of them
Fears over nuclear energy are irrational
Fear toward nuclear energy is fed by misinformation
Nuclear energy pros outweigh cons
General statements of support for nuclear energy
Nuclear energy detracts resources from superior renewable energy
Nuclear energy will compete with and squeeze out renewable energy.
Nuclear power is often given favor at the expense of renewable power
Entire nuclear cycle may emit substantial greenhouse gases
Nuclear energy undermines renewable solutions to climate change
Renewables can meet all future energy needs, nuclear unnecessary
Energy efficiency is more important than nuclear power
Nuclear plants only produce electricity and can't replace oil and gas
Clean coal makes nuclear energy an unnecessary replacement.
Nuclear energy always carries risk of a major disaster
Any risk of another Chernobyl or Mile High is intolerable
Taxpayers, not nuclear industry, assume risks of disaster
Nuclear plants are being closed due to safety; this should continue.
A nuclear disaster would be very costly economically
The cost of nuclear power causes cuts in safety measures
Uranium for nuclear energy is not a renewable resource
Nuclear power is efficient only once the uranium is in pellet form.
Nuclear energy requires substantial water to cool the reactor
Nuclear energy is too costly to be competitive
Building nuclear power plants takes too long
Nuclear plant construction runs over-time and over-budget
Nuclear energy relies too heavily on subsidies/taxpayers
Nuclear waste disposal is costly
Decommissioning nuclear power plants is expensive
Centralized nuclear energy production is inefficient.
The nuclear energy industry depends on government subsidies
Nuclear energy produces dangerous radioactive waste
Reprocessing nuclear waste is not a viable environmental solution.
Burying nuclear waste is an environmental and health risk
Burying nuclear waste creates risks for future generations.
Transporting nuclear waste is a public safety concern
Nuclear waste disposal is costly
Mining uranium is very dangerous for workers
Nuclear energy is not applicable and accessible globally
A terrorist strike on a nuclear facility could be devastating
Terrorists can target spent nuclear fuel pools outside facilities
Nuclear power plants are vulnerable to terrorist attacks
Nuclear energy risks being diverted to nuclear weapons development
The benefits of nuclear energy are outweighed by weapons-use risks
Ill-informed public opinion the main obstacle for nuclear energy.
Nuclear energy has a limited supply and is far inferior to solar power.
