Should the state be fully privatised?
The most efficient and consumer friendly services are provided in industries driven by free choice and the power of the buyer.
State-owned industries are a drain on the taxpayer.
Higher efficiency and productivity of private markets leads to a diffusion of public benefits:
Increased purchasing power and standards of living:
Maintaining current levels of spending is, given an aging population (needing more healthcare and more pensions), unsustainable.
The rights of workers and quality of goods, even within the private market, are protected by the rule of law.
What is 'naturally' a monopoly is a historically and geographically contingent concept
Private finance initiatives
Natural monopolies are by definition not subject to competition, and may be better administered by the state.
The electorate will hold elected officials accountable to running state-owned companies efficiently:
Governments can raise money in the financial markets most cheaply to re-lend to state-owned enterprises.
The profit motive may be subordinated to social objectives.
Governments are more responsible stewards of social support missions:
Certain public-interest services should only be run by the state, who's sole focus is to benefit the public-interest:
Essential services.
Some would also point out that privatizing certain functions of government might hamper coordination, and charge firms with specialized and limited capabilities to perform functions which they are not suited for.
Many privatization opponents warn against the practice's inherent tendency toward corruption.
Downsizing - Private companies often face a conflict between profitability and service levels, and could over-react to short-term events.
Privatisation does not always remove government interference.
Private companies rarely protect the safety and standards of their workforce as well as nationalised industries do.
A democratically elected government is accountable to the people through a parliament, and can intervene when civil liberties are threatened.
A private company will serve the needs of those who are most willing (and able) to pay, as opposed to the needs of the majority, and are thus anti-democratic.
Concentration of wealth.
Political influence.
Some industries are 'natural monopolies', because their infrastructure is too costly and too complex to be open to competition.
