What are the pros and cons of wave power?
Wave power emits no greenhouse gases into the atmosphere.
Wave power provides clean renewable power.
Marine life can avoid wave power systems/harm
Wave power generators will not be placed in sensitive areas
Wave power will have a smaller impact than fossil fuel plants
Wave generators provide beneficial surface for some sea life
Wave power equipment can be moved if there are problems
Wave power is more consistent than other renewables
Wave power can contribute a significant amount of energy
Waves pack potent energy compared to other renewables
Wave energy will become viable with greater economies of scales
Wave power installations can reduce coastal erosion.
Wave power systems are cheap to maintain
Waves pack substantial energy; few wave generators are required
If people can make money on wave energy, they should.
Wave power inspires ingenuity and innovation.
Under-water wave power systems avoid aesthetic concerns.
Wave power need not be installed where it damages surfing.
Focus on energy conservation before wave power
Producing and transporting wave power machines is energy-intensive.
Wave power is a hazard to migrating fish and whales
Diffuse wave energy requires many wave generators; high impact
Wave energy more about profits than environment
Electro-magnetic energy from wave power threatens marine life
Wave power systems can attract predatory fish, damaging ecosystems
Wave power generators obstruct and are a hazard to fishers
Wave power is young, years behind other renewables
Wave power is too inconsistent
Wave power systems have high initial capital costs
Wave power is only viable where conditions are right
Wave power proposals will run up against permit regulations
Wave power will see resistance from coastal residents
Storms can damage and dislodge wave generators.
Oceans corrode wave power systems, which is costly
Difficult to transfer wave energy back to land
Wave generators degrade the pristine beauty of the environment
Under-water wave power is too expensive to solve aesthetics.
Wave power diminishes wave quality for surfers
