Is the Roman Catholic Church's contraception policy justifiable?
Church contraception policy focuses on saving souls not lives
Evil (condoms) should not be used to fight evil (HIV/AIDS)
If people followed Christian principles; they would not contract HIV/AIDS.
Following divine law on contraceptives is hard but necessary
By encouraging sexual immorality, condoms increase risks of HIV/AIDS
Condoms do not ensure against pregnancy and STDs
Abstinence 100% effective against pregnancy/STDs/HIV/AIDS
Contraceptive-use undermines the dignity of life.
Life begins before the womb; contraceptives end budding life
Life should form by God's will, not by human birth control
Pregnancy is a gift, not something to be prevented/avoided.
Contraceptives interrupt/demean the Godly act of creation
Contraception undermines sexual morality; encourages promiscuity, infidelity
Contraceptives violate God's commandment to multiply
Contraception wrongly aids in spilling the seed
Church contraception policy properly based on faith not reason
Pope Paul VI ruled against contraception in the 1960s; this ruling stands.
Church contraception policy is supported by natural law:
The fathers of the Catholic Church condemned contraception.
Contraception use leads to the degradation of women and their bodies
Contraception is an immoral approach to population control
Natural methods of contraception can provide the solution to high population growth
Natural birth-control helps developing world avoid dependencies on developed countries.
Back-tracking on Church policy against condoms would fracture the Church.
The Church is not a democracy; it need not respond to criticisms of its condom policies.
Church contraception policy undermines the moral obligation to protect life
Church policy against contraceptives worsens HIV/AID pandemic
While not 100%-effective, condoms reduce risk of HIV-transmission
Condoms prevent transmission of death, not merely transmission of life
Catholics can support condoms as lesser evil than HIV/AIDS
Contraceptives protect married women from HIV-infected husbands
Condoms are needed where abstinence is not an option for women
Church condom policies fail to adapt to harsh modern realities
If life begins at conception, contraception cannot violate life.
Condom-use is a responsible act of sexual maturity and prevention
Sexual morality can/should go hand-in-hand with condom-use
Condoms help people regulate their reproductive multiplication.
Spilling seed is not what God found wicked about Onan's acts
Priests need not promote condoms, but should not ban them
The 1960 Church Commission ruled in favor of contraceptives.
Pope Paul VI's 1968 ruling is not binding and can be overturned.
The bible does not actually condemn the use of condemns.
The Winnipeg Statement of Canadian Catholic bishops supported condom use.
Few support Catholic condom policy, undermining Church legitimacy
Condoms help preserve the sexual life of a marriage.
Contraception use, in most cases, doesn't degrade a woman's body at all
Condoms help Catholics avoid the prospect of abortion.
Catholic Church's natural family planning is ineffective
Church policies against condoms are invasive against developing-country policy.
Few support Catholic condom policy, undermining Church legitimacy
Undoing ban on condoms would prevent schisms in Church.
The Church has changed positions before; it should again on condoms.
Removing Church objections to condoms would increase attendance at Church.
