Should Nuclear Weapons be abolished?
Those that seek nuclear weapons are more likely to use them.
Nuclear weapons immorally threaten mass murder
The use of nuclear weapons is undemocratic
Many states that could build nuclear weapons haven't.
Terrorists are not deterred by the threat of nuclear weapons
The idea of a so-called 'nuclear deterrent' no longer applies.
Nuclear weapons make the world less secure
Nuclear weapons must be abolished to avoid nuclear accidents
Nuclear submarine accidents are a global hazard
Nuclear weapons tests are a global hazard
Nuclear weapons have not reduced the risk of war
States that have abandoned nuclear weapons have remained safe
Nuclear weapons encourage further nuclear proliferation
Nuclear weapons could fall into terrorists' hands
Abolishing nuclear weapons is part of fulfilling existing obligations
The threat or use of nuclear weapons is illegal
Nuclear weapons are a drain on resources
A nuclear abolition treaty is feasible with worldwide unanimity
A binding nuclear ban treaty could work
States could be compelled via guilt to sign a nuclear weapons ban
A nuclear weapons ban could work with a rigorous inspection system
A nuclear weapons ban could accompany a chem and biological weapons ban
Israel could be compelled to sign a nuclear weapons ban
Many leaders support abolishing nuclear weapons
Nukes help deter conflict, which is morally legitimate.
Using nuclear weapons would be a tragedy; but so is using any weapon.
Nuclear deterrence is a superior to doctrines of preventive war
Nuclear umbrellas are the only reason why some state are non-nuclear.
Nuclear deterrence need not target civilian populations
Nuclear weapons are necessary for some difficult military targets
Great power rivalries maintain importance of nuclear deterrence
Nuclear deterrence remains important in the post-Cold War era
Nuclear weapons deter even rogue states
Nuclear weapons deter rogue states from giving WMD to terrorists
Small states benefit from having a small nuclear deterrent
The deterrent principle still stands.
Nuclear deterrence helps prevent conflict
US nuclear weapons reduce the intensity of international conflicts
US nuclear weapons help deter and constrain Russia
The plutonium in nuclear warheads cannot simply be destroyed.
Nuclear weapons may protect humans from threats from space.
The threat or use of nuclear weapons is legal in desperate defense
Nuclear deterrence is important in protecting economic interests
Modern nuclear powers are unlikely to denuclearize
Nuclear powers may reduce stockpiles but won't fully denuclearize
Nuclear abolition could not prevent covert nuclear programs
Abolition can't un-invent nuclear weapons
It's too tempting to build a nuclear weapon in a non-nuclear world
It's not possible to abolish nuclear weapons now that the are at large.
It's not possible to stop nuclear weapons now
Nuclear weapons can not just be simply destroyed or dismantled,
No one who has them complains about it.
