Should public schools teach creationism alongside evolution in science classes?
Teaching evolution exclusively is dangerous to science and reason.
Creationism is scientifically testable
Evolution is unobserved; it is an unproven theory
The theory of evolution is not falsifiable
Teaching creationism's truth is necessary in upholding the truth of the Bible.
If we are descended from animals then the unique relationship between man and god is undermined.
The idea that creationists reject mutation or natural selection is ridiculous.
Open-mindedness toward creationism is important.
Attempts to conceal the creationism-evolution controversy from students are dogmatic promotions of evolution.
Teaching darwinism is comparable to teaching
Teaching the creationism-evolution controversy is important to student learning.
Preventing the teaching of creationism violates freedom of religion.
Biology can be studied in a creationist context.
The history of God's creation should be taught irrespective of it being considered science.
Schools should teach competing theories
Teaching Creationism is in no way akin to child abuse.
Modern Evolution Theory is philosophy by Darwin's own definition
Science is only science until it requires or imposes belief. Then it is philosophy.- CHARLES DARWIN with this in mind, modern darwinian theory requiring those who believe
Teaching creationism is dangerous to science and reason
Creationism is not scientifically testable
Evolution is an observable fact
It is not 'appropriate' to teach creationism as a means for upholding the bible.
Allowing creationism in schools would violate the separation of church and state
Evolution has no implications for morality: it describes what has happened, making no judgement about whether what has happened is good:
Creationism makes a false historical/scientific claim that is detached from the broader precepts of belief in God.
Evolution makes no judgment about the existence of God or Jesus.
The Bible is simply wrong if a literal interpretation is taken
Teaching Creationism would be against the law.
Attempts to teach the creationism-evolution controversy to students are disingenuous promotions of activist Christians.
Teaching creationism is comparable to teaching
Schools should not teach theories that are completely at odds with each other.
Because students are impressionable, if you teach them the literal truth of Genesis as science, they may well believe you.
If creationism should be taught, it should not be taught in science classes.
Teaching creationism is akin to child-abuse.
Preventing creationism to be taught is not violating freedom of religion. Evolutionism is not a religion, and therefore renders this argument void.
Public opinion is unimportant to whether creationism belongs in science classes
