Is global warming chiefly caused by humans or by natural phenomenon?
Human carbon emissions have dramatically accelerated global warming
Cooling between 1940 and 1975 can be attributed to sulphate aerosols
Proof of anthropogenic global warming is an impossible standard in theory-based science
If the earth was following natural trends, we should be experiencing a cooling trend now
Pace of global warming is faster than historic record
The mid-Holecene warming 6,000 years ago was part of astronomical forcings that can't explain the extent of today's warming
The Medieval Warm Period is not comparable to today's warming
Human greenhouse gas emissions have a clear greenhouse warming effect
While temperature changes lead CO2 historically, CO2 still caused added temperature change
Humans have increased significantly the number of greenhouse gases in the atmosphere, adding substantially to the greenhouse effect
Water vapors do not have a forcing effect on climate change like human greenhouse gases
Sun spot variation has negligible impact on climate change
In 2006, Peter Foukal
Warming on mars may not be due to the sun.
Any warming on mars does not prove that the sun is driving Earth's climate change
Ocean layers have warmed in a manner that indicates human-causes of global warming
Atmospheric shifts show human fingerprints on global warming
Glacier melting globally demonstrates human-causes of global warming
The melting of the arctic ice caps has increased dramatically with human emissions
Greenland ice-caps are melting at an accelerating rate
Natural catastrophic events, such as hurricanes, have increased substantially with anthropogenic greenhouse gases
Increase in atmospheric moisture is tied to human emissions
Spatial patterns of heat-trappings are concentrated around populated areas, indicating human causes:
The atmosphere has responded as expected to human-induced global warming
Sources citing a scientific consensus on the human-causes of global warming
A vast number of renowned scientific bodies supported the IPCC Third Assessment Report in 2007
Wikipedia article: Scientific opinion on Global Climate Change
2001 IPCC report concludes humans causing climate change
Joseph Romm. Book Hell and High Water. 2007. pp 12.
Vast majority of scientists believe climate change due to humans
Many scientists are pressured to deny global warming is human-caused:
AL GORE: Global Warming Testimony @ Congress 3.21.07
The earth's climate has always changed through history due to natural cycles
The temperature record shows no consistent global warming trend
The earth warmed significantly between 1910 and 1940 when emissions were not very high:
The Arctic has not consistently warmed in the way that human-caused global warming theory would have it
The accelerating rate of global warming may be naturally caused.
There is no proof that greenhouse gases are causing global warming.
Global temperature variations have not been caused historically by C02
Humans are a small source of C02 emissions into the atmosphere.
Non-human water vapor is a primary driver of the greenhouse gas effect
Cows cause 5x the Greenhouse Gases Than Humans
Only 0.03% of the Earth's Atmosphere Is CO2..Natural Water Vapor Is A Bigger Greenhouse Gas
The sun is the primary driver of global climate change
The sun is causing warming on mars just like on earth
The effects of global warming are clear, but they don't demonstrate human-causes:
The acceleration of global warming could be natural, and therefore the accelerated on-the-ground effects could be natural as well.
Glaciers and ice-sheets melt and re-form annually.
The atmosphere is not warming in the way human-caused global warming theories would predict.
There is no scientific consensus that humans are the chief cause of global warming
The IPCC report does not represent a scientific consensus that global warming is human caused
Scientific consensus does not prove climate change is human-caused
There was a false scientific consensus in the 70s that global cooling was occurring.
NASA's Goddard Institute for Space Studies (GISS) made significant changes to their temperature records in 2007, downgrading the magnitude of recent rises.
Scientists have a financial interest in calling climate change a crisis.
Global warming has become an industry in itself.
The Great Global Warming Swindle.
