Should the United States drop its sanctions on Cuba?
Sanctions against Cuba have not worked at all in their long history.
Ending the tourism ban would help undermine the Cuban regime
Sanctions give the Cuban government an excuse for their failures
Sanctions damage the spread of democracy
Ending sanctions will allow US to expand influence in Cuba
US sanctions against Cuba cannot work unilaterally
Ending the tourism ban would help undermine the Cuban regime
Cuba sanctions lost national security rationale after 1991
There is no evidence that Cuba is a sponsor of terror.
Cuba has no weapons of mass destructions. It has no biological, chemical or nuclear weapons.
Cuba holds fewer prisoners of conscience than China, Vietnam, Iran, or even Egypt.
Cuba has cooperated with the United States on security matters.
Sanctions against Cuba only hurt the Cuban public
The sanctions cause real and unacceptable harm to the Cuban people.
Sanctions violate the principle of just war
Sanctions hurt Cuban-Americans with relatives in Cuba.
US sanctions harm Cuba's tourism industry
Using sanctions to attempt regime change is illegal.
Sanctions against Cuba violate the UN Charter.
Sanctions against Cuba violated laws on the freedom of navigation.
Sanctions against Cuba violate United Nations resolutions since 1992.
Sanctions against Cuba follow a double standard
Lifting sanctions against Cuba would benefit US exporters
Enforcing US-Cuba sanctions entails punishing businesses and allies
Sanctions undermine cultural exchanges between countries
Lifting US sanctions will not be a victory for the Cuban regime
The Helms-Burton Act harms international businessmen, causing significant protest around the world.
US-Cuba sanctions exist only to appease Republicans in Florida
Sanctions against Cuba are not democratically supported in America
Sanctions are a powerful tool for liberalizing countries.
Media helps soften Cuban popular impressions of US sanctions
US sanctions back Cuban people's fight against totalitarianism
The Cuban regime won't democratize so must be ended with sanctions
Sanctions should persist to leverage Cuban leaders that follow Castro
Cubans aren't fooled by their regime's attempts to blame sanctions for failures.
Sanctions are superior to the use of military force.
The significance of the threat from Cuba justifies US sanctions
1996 Helms-Burton bill justly followed Cuba shooting down two civilian airplanes
The Castro brothers won't democratize so sanctions must persist
The Cuban administration refused to give help with the search for Al-Qaeda suspects.
Cuba is on the U.S. list of sponsors of terror.
Cuba provides a safe haven to many American fugitives.
Cuba is known to have a developmental biological weapons 'effort'.
Cuba is recorded as breaking international sanctions to export dual use technologies to Iran.
Cuba has failed to stop drug shipments through its waters.
Sanctions have not been the cause of the economic failure in Cuba.
Sanctions are a protest of Cuban govt humanitarian violations
Sanctions against Cuba can be adjusted to reduce harms.
Changing legally etched Cuban human rights violations requires sanctions
UN set precedent for sanctioning Cuba over human rights violations
Sanctioning Cuba is appropriate punishment for its flouting the UN
Sanctioning Cuba has, at its heart, the intention to uphold international law and standards.
United Nations Resolutions condemning sanctions have never passed through the Security Council and therefore lack any authority.
Lifting sanctions against Cuba will hardly benefit US businesses.
Economic considerations should not be taken over principles supporting sanctions.
Travel ban to Cuba perversely punishes innocent travelers
Cultural exchanges with a communist people may be undesirable.
Sanctioning Cuba upholds US image of a strong opponent of tyranny.
Expert opinion matters more than public opinion on Cuba sanctions.
