Was Danish newspaper Jyllands-Posten right to publish cartons of Muhammad in 2005?
The Jyllands-Posten Muhammad cartoons were legal.
The bomb in turban cartoon was aimed at extremists, not Islam generally
The Muslim world has presented an image of itself that is partly to blame for the Muhammad cartoons.
The Bomb in Turban addresses parts of Islam that inspire terrorism
The Danish cartoons only unveiled an inevitable clash of civilizations.
Cartoonists were helping integrate Muslims into Dutch culture of religious satire by bashing Islam.
The Quran does not explicitly prohibit images of Muhammad
The Hadith does not exactly forbid publishing images of Muhammad
Many Muslim groups tolerate images of Muhammad.
Western free-speech culture must be upheld over models of Muslim censorship
Publishing images of Muhammad helps combat self-censorship.
Argument: Jyllands-Posten cartoons have led to the curtailment of free speech
Argument: Religious people must be tolerant of criticism in a modern democracy
Flemming Rose, Jyllands-Posten's culture editor, commented.
The Jyllands-Posten Muhammad cartoons stimulate debate and understanding.
Western cartoonists should not be held to a double standard
Argument: Muslims should not be given exceptional rights and protections
Because the cartoons were legal, they did not require a government response.
The Danish government should not be held responsible for the Jyllands-Posten Muhammad cartoons.
The cartoons violated Danish blasphemy and degradation laws.
The Muhammad cartoons have stimulated an international xenophobic, free speech competition.
The Jyllands-Posten Muhammad cartoons were damaging to inter-faith harmony.
The Bomb in Turban cartoon wrongly associated Islam with terrorism
The Jylands-Posten cartoons created an international impression of Denmark as Xenophobic.
Images of Muhammad are forbidden because they lead to idolatry.
Even if images of Muhammad are acceptable, hateful images are not.
No exercise in free speech that results in deaths can be justified.
The cartoons were an exercise in hate, rather than free, speech.
Freedom of expression should not be excercised through deliberately insulting means.
Muslims have the right to protest the publishing of images of Muhammad.
Protesters of the publishing of images of Muhammad desire tolerance and respect.
A tolerant double standard is being applied to the Jyllands-Posten Muhammad cartoons.
Hateful and harmful representations of Muhammad are illegal and should be censored.
Denmark's prime minister inappropriately avoided meeting with Denmark's Islamic ambassadors in October 2005.
