Should South Ossetia be independent?
South Ossetia has a right to self-determination
99% of South Ossetians voted for independence in 2006
S. Ossetians will not accept reintegration with Georgia.
99% of South Ossetians voted for independence in 2006
S. Ossetia 2006 referendum should be recognized
It is invalid to criticize S. Ossetia's referendum for risking instability.
Russia supports S. Ossetia's 2006 referendum and right to independence.
South Ossetia has as much claim to independence as Kosovo
Modern Georgia never really controlled S. Ossetia.
Georgia is accused of multiple instances of genocide in S. Ossetia
Georgia suppressed South Ossetian culture/identity
S. Ossetia has had de facto independence from Georgia
South Ossetia has an effective democratic government
Georgia and S. Ossetia have a long history of conflict.
S. Ossetians protested Georgian nationalism even during the 80s
Bolsheviks recognized Ossetia as independent
S. Ossetia was autonomous under USSR; a basis for independence.
S. Ossetia legitimately gained independence at break-up of USSR
Name Ossetia has history independent of Georgia
S. Ossetia may re-join with N. Ossetia and Russia.
S. Ossetian independence will help avoid future conflict.
Ossetians have a distinct ethnic identity and history
South Ossetia has a resident population.
Keeping S. Ossetia in Georgia prolongs ethnic conflict.
South Ossetia has its own distinct language.
S. Ossetia has a definite territory.
Mountains should not be a factor in dividing Ossetia
Self-determination is not absolute; S. Ossetia does not qualify.
Georgia has a right to maintain its internal sovereign integrity.
S. Ossetia's 2006 independence referendum was rejected globally
South Ossetia was wrong to hold elections under conflict conditions.
Russia's involvement corrupted the 2006 S. Ossetian referendum
2006 S. Ossetia referendum only exacerbated tensions
S. Ossetia is not recognized diplomatically by any UN member
S. Ossetian independence should be assessed in isolation.
S. Ossetia's case is different than Kosovo's case.
Kosovo independence was illegitimate so is a bad precedent.
Georgia has a democratically elected government.
Georgia cannot be blamed for its absence in S. Ossetia.
S. Ossetia maintained de facto independence only with Russian aid.
South Ossetia is unviable as an independent state
S. Ossetia is economically unviable as a state
S. Ossetia's population is too small to warrant statehood.
Ossetians migrated to Georgia; Georgia did not annex Ossetian land.
Russia agreed in 1917 S. Ossetia was part of Georgia
The Ossetian people have a divided, non-contiguous history.
If the aim to join Russia, S. Ossetia nationalism arguments can't apply.
If S. Ossetians renounce violence, no future conflicts will occur.
The world needs fewer borders; A S. Ossetian nation adds more.
S. Ossetia should stay with Georgia to foster strength through diversity.
Multiple languages are common in modern nation states.
South Ossetia is too small to be independent.
South Ossetia is extremely mountainous.
