Is it morally acceptable to experiment on animals for human purposes?
Humans have dominion over animals with a right to exploit them
Humans have always eaten/exploited animals; it has evolved into our DNA
Humans have dominion over evolutionarily domesticated animals
Animals cannot possess rights because they have no moral judgement
Animals cannot make moral claims so cannot claim rights
That the retarded have rights does not justify animal rights
Animal rights reduce humans to mere animals, not made in God's image
Granting rights to animals would damage human rights
Protecting animals from suffering by humans is a matter of animal welfare not rights.
Humans have an evolutionary right to uphold self-interests by testing animals.
It is more humane to perform tests on animals than on humans.
If animals have rights, do we criminalize animals that abuse each other's rights?
Animals can't uphold human rights; we are not obligated to uphold theirs
Animal rights unfairly alienate humans from the natural order.
Human life is of greater intrinsic value than animal life
If humans are animals, why defy our animalistic instincts?
It is a misconception that all animal testing involves pain.
Animal testing has significantly improved human welfare
Animals are good research subjects because they are similar to humans
Animal environments can be better controlled for research than humans
Differences between humans and animals can be accounted for in tests
Drug toxicity is rarely a result of any misleading animal testing
Animal testing has helped develop important drug treatments
Animal experiments have helped improve heart disease prevention/treatment
Animal experiments have helped develop disease vaccines
Animal testing is important in fighting HIV/AIDS
Animal testing is important to the fight against cancer
Animal experimentation is important to treatments of bacterial infections
Animal experiments helped advance organ transplant techniques
Addiction researchers know that animals have no prior drug use
Animals are exploited by humans without public outcry; why alienate animal experimentation?
Animals are hunted and killed without public outcry; why alienate animal testing?
The world has benefited hugely from medical research with animals
Animal testing is more important now to human welfare than ever before
Animal testing and suffering is justified if it reducing human suffering
Animals are important to testing life-saving drugs before they are safe for humans
Testing on sentient creatures is necessary; they are most like humans.
Animal tests proceed only when animal suffering is worth it
Animal testing has improved understanding of animals and their welfare.
Alternatives are being used; animal testing is a last resort
Animal testing appropriate when there are no alternatives
Alternatives cannot replace animal testing for certain objectives
Cells and other surrogates cannot be used in the case of behavioral experiments (psychiatry etc.)
There is no alternative to animals in testing immunities
Animal testing actually helps in testing whether products are environmentally friendly
Instances of mistreatment in animal testing are very rare
Legislation is already protecting animals from cruel treatment
Animal suffering in experiments can be minimized.
Many experimental animals are killed before they have a chance to suffer.
Tested animals are treated humanely.
Animals are usually only used for testing for specific studies.
Allegations of animal abuse are reviewed by pier board.
Testers have an incentive to take care of animals for experiments.
The genetic modification of animals need only be well regulated.
Animal trafficking of animals can be better regulated.
The Food and Drug Administration  approves of animal testing in the case of cosmetics
Animal experimentation protester violence has undermined their case
Animal rights groups have misled public about animal testing
God commanded man to worship Him and His presence in humans over animals.
Humans are only creatures with immortal souls.
Humans have dominion over animals
Polls suggesting a degree of public support
British Prime Minister Tony Blair supports animal testing
Dominion makes humans stewards; no right to harm/exploit animals
Evolutionary science debunks the idea of human dominion over animals
Humans evolved from other animals; our history is not innately superior
Animals are independent creatures that don't exist to serve humans
Humans and animals are of one family like brothers and sisters
Animals deserve the same basic rights that humans enjoy
Humans are obligated to cause animals no pain or suffering
Humans have a choice and thus responsibility to do no harm to animals.
Killing animals should be viewed as equivalent to killing humans
Animals should be treated as we would want to be treated
Modern humans have lost touch with animals and our likeness
Humans must respect animal rights even if animals can't reciprocate
Animal rights can be assigned according to animal psychology
Animal testing wrongly involves sentient, human-like creatures
Animals are like vulnerable minorities that can't vote to end abuses
Animals denied rights for human-unlikeness are experimented on for human-likeness
That animals harm/kill each other does not justify the same by humans
Exploiting animals is more dignified than their living in the wild
From a utilitarian perspective morality should not be based on species differences
Human and animal differences do not justify speciism/discrimination
Animal life is equivalent in value to human life
Animals are equal to humans in science as lifeforms on Earth
Animals have emotions, personalities, and souls just like humans
Humans can do wrong so can be morally inferior to animals
Animals are superior to humans in many of their abilities
Animals feel and suffer in very similar ways as humans
Animals experience pain and suffering in experiments
Animal experimentation inherently involves harming animals
Animal testing frequently qualifies as cruel and unusual torture
Responsibly ending animal testing will not impede medical advancements.
Animal tests too infrequently lead to scientific advancements
Animal responses to tests can be different than human responses
Medicines tested successfully on animals can prove toxic to humans
Animal testing often entails pain and stresses that skew results
Cosmetic testing on animals is pointless, given different skin types.
Animal testing does not benefit the fight against HIV/AIDS
Prevention is ideal approach to HIV/AIDS; animal testing only helps treatment
Eating and hunting of animals does not justify testing; equally wrong
Murdering and testing humans is wrong; so is murdering and testing animals.
Killing animals undermines the dignity life
The ends (human benefits) don't justify the means (animal testing)
Humans should ban animal testing selflessly, because it's moral
Animal testing may benefit human science, but costs human morals
Animal rights promotes the true science of humans and animals as kin
Societies that adopt animal rights progress morally
Animal rights is not anti-science, but ethics must constrain science.
Philosophy of compassion for animals is better than testing benefits
Adopting the philosophy of animal rights is individual fulfilling
The benefits to human beings cannot outweigh the suffering of the animals
Animal testing for non-life-saving human products is unjust
Humans to receive the sole benefits while tested animals lose entirely.
Testing impregnated animals and their offspring is immoral.
Animal testing is contrary to principles of compassion and peace
Animal rights are connected with the broader human rights movement
Eating animal flesh is wrong; so too is animal testing
Animal testing and farming is comparable to Nazi genocide
Humans must give consent before medicines are tested on them - animals never give consent
People would never want their own pets tested; why other animals?
There are adequate alternatives to animal experimentation
Alternatives are not being used when it is not practical, which is wrong.
Preventing animal testing is beneficial to the environment
Reform and regulation is not enough; animal testing must be banned
The current scale of animal experimentation is unacceptable
Strict controls have not prevented researchers from abusing animals
Animals endure tremendous stress from being locked up.
Argument: Genetically modified animals often contract genetic diseases
The human benefits of animal experimentation are not proven.
The number of animals used in experiments should be reduced by.
Improving experimental techniques
Improving techniques of data analysis
Sharing information with other researchers
Animal testing is frequently repetitive and wasteful.
The creation of genetically modified animals for testing in immoral.
Animal testing creates a high demand for animals and depletes populations
Cosmetics testing on animals is not required by govts
Cosmetic testing on animal skin is irrelevant to human skin.
Cosmetic testing on eyes is faulty; caustic chemicals can be determined by chemistry.
Those in favor of animals testing are often practicing the science and biased.
Researchers often repeat animal tests only to maintaining funding
Legitimate religions should uphold animal welfare
Bible says harming animals is equivalent to harming humans
Many religions teach that both humans and animals have immortal souls.
If animals do not immortal souls, their time on earth should be especially protected.
The Bible teaches responsible stewardship not tyrannical dominion over animals.
God made animals free and does not want them imprisoned by men
Animals would depict humans as the devil if they could
Man must be merciful to animals to receive mercy from God
Men are protective of themselves, but not God's work
Polls show massive public support for banning animal testing for  specific household products
Animal rights enjoy significant support even among conservatives
Animal rights are gaining substantial ground in European laws
The animal rights movement is showing great progress in America
