Should laws be passed to limit gun ownership further?
Right to BEAR ARMS is an individual not collective right.
Gun control would increase black market demand for guns.
Guns don't kill people - people kill people
Citizen gun ownership acts as a deterrent against criminals
Criminals will find a way to commit crimes and violence with or without guns
Low homicide and crime rates are not a direct cause of low gun ownership
Because guns used in murders and crime are not usually legally held or registered, efforts to enhance gun-protection through legal means are futile:
Gun restrictions and bans disadvantage citizens against armed criminals
Clinton administration study finds gun laws don't correlate with crime.
A citizen has a right to guns as a means to self-defense
Gun restrictions and bans disadvantage citizens against armed criminals
Individuals are responsible to defend themselves as police are not.
Past problems do not condemn wiser gun control in the future.
Competent gun-owners do take the proper precautions.
Education on safe gun ownership can be improved and risks reduced.
Lax gun control laws are economically costly
Examples of police prejudice in the enforcement of the law are rare and don't justify more lax gun-control
It is easier to enforce limited gun-controls
Hand-guns are frequently used in crime because they can be concealed
Hand-gun restrictions would not put extra strain on individual privacy laws
Guns sports should be protected and justify gun ownership.
Gun sports have economic benefits
When citizens carry concealed weapons, criminals fear the risks of committing crimes and are deterred
An individual right to bear arms helps protect against domestic tyranny
A government may be justified in adopting lax gun-control laws as a means to national defense.
Reducing the prevalence of guns reduces crime
Registered guns can often be accessed by non-registered individuals
Legal gun owners sometimes turn their gun on others:
Guns make suicide too easy argument:
Households with guns have a much greater risk of homicide:
Self-defense with a gun is rare
Burglars often break into houses to steal guns
Fatal exchanges often occur because an innocent person decides to draw out a gun on an assailant
Publics most exposed to crime support greater restrictions on gun ownership
The protection of property is not a good justification for yielding a lethal weapon
Threatening criminals with guns only works if it is credible.
Threatening the life of another to protect property is wrong.
It can be an alibi to hide the truth!
Shooting sports do not a require a fully automatic weapon.
Increased gun ownership has coincided with decreased accidents.
Gun sports have economic benefits
Private gun retailers will lose business.
Effective gun control is infeasible
The failure of the British police to crack-down on arms-trafficking is an example of the enforceability of gun-restriction laws.
The 2008 Supreme Court Case of
Gun sports are socially desensitizing and damaging.
Only a small minority want to possess firearms for sport.
