Is hunting for sport an acceptable practice?
Sport of hunting should, indeed, always be challenging
Hunting is definitely fair, because, all animals have their strengths.
It is the nature of mankind to hunt
There is an inherent human passion for hunting
Sometimes it might be for your survival, for food.
Exploiting animals is more dignified than their living in the wild
It is perfectly natural to use animals for our own nutrition and pleasure.
Hunting is no worse than killing cows and eating their meat
Differences of opinion on killing and hunting must be tolerated
Those that disapprove of hunting should not hunt.
Human life is of greater intrinsic value than animal life
There is a great moral difference between humans and animals.
If humans are animals, why defy our animalistic instincts?
Humans have dominion over animals with a right to exploit them
Dominion and hunting can and should be excercised responsibly.
Animals cannot possess rights because they have no moral judgement
Animals cannot make moral claims so cannot claim rights
That the retarded have rights does not justify animal rights
Animal rights reduce humans to mere animals, not made in God's image
Granting rights to animals would damage human rights
Protecting animals from suffering by humans is a matter of animal welfare not rights.
Animals can't uphold human rights; we are not obligated to uphold theirs
If animals have rights, do we criminalize animals that kill each other?
Animal rights unfairly alienate humans from the natural order.
Hunting is a good way of controlling widlife
Proceeds of hunting industry go to wildlife sustainability
Hunters help advance the interests of land preservation
Hunters fully appreciate animals and the lives they are taking
The hunting industry is important to many economies.
Differences of opinion on killing and hunting must be tolerated
Those that disapprove of hunting should not hunt.
Hunting not a sport; animals don't know they're in the game
Hunting is no sport; it's not a competition between equal parties
If hunting is a sport, then animal attacks are fair game
Hunting is an activity not a sport.
Passion for hunting is due to callousness
Hunting is a barbaric form of torturing and killing for pleasure
When hunting is unnecessary, it is barbaric; killing for pleasure
Hunters are the tyrannical, genocidal, mass-murderers of animals
Humans have a choice and thus responsibility to do no harm to animals.
Killing animals should be viewed as equivalent to killing humans
Animals should be treated as we would want to be treated
Wrong to hunt harmless, defenseless animals
Hunters are simply immoral, bad people
Humans are obligated to cause animals no pain or suffering
Hunting need not be tolerated; it is cruel and can be made unlawful
Hunting is cruel, inhumane, undignified, and uncivilized
Animal life is equivalent in value to human life
Animals are equal to humans in science as lifeforms on Earth
Animals feel and suffer in very similar ways as humans
Modern humans have lost touch with animals and our likeness
Animals have emotions, personalities, and souls just like humans
Humans can do wrong so can be morally inferior to animals
Animals are superior to humans in many of their abilities
Human and animal differences do not justify speciism/discrimination
From a utilitarian perspective morality should not be based on species differences
Dominion makes humans stewards; no right to harm/exploit animals
Evolutionary science debunks the idea of human dominion over animals
Humans and animals are of one family like brothers and sisters
Hunting makes animals fearful of humans; breaches trust
Animals are independent creatures that don't exist to serve humans
Animals deserve the same basic rights that humans enjoy
Modern humans have lost touch with animals and our likeness
Humans must respect animal rights even if animals can't reciprocate
Animal rights can be assigned according to animal psychology
Animals are like vulnerable minorities that can't vote to end abuses
That animals harm/kill each other does not justify the same by humans
Silly to hunt based on its mystic tradition
Animals better observed/photographed than killed for sport
Hunting is dangerous, injuring and killing many humans.
Individuals should ostracize hunters they know
