Is multiculturalism a better social model than assimilation?
It is impossible to pick a single moral-cultural standard in the assimilation model.
Assimilation wrongly bans practices due to rare abuses
Multiculturalism may also utilize the term tolerance, but it could easily be suggested the appropriate term is more likely respect.
Protecting group rights is often necessary in protecting individual rights
Multiculturalism improves the public sense of free speech.
Multiculturalism is democratic
Concerns over women's rights cannot be blamed on multiculturalism
It is misleading to claim multiculturalism sacrifices individual right to group rights
Recognition of indigenous, ethnic, and otherwise different (religious, linguistic) groups is necessary to combat the assimilationist hierarchy of cultures
Bias towards the civilized west.
Multiculturalism promotes tolerance and social cohesion.
Diversity from multiculturalism is socially important.
The unity of society that assimilation talks about can be found through multiculturalism.
Multiculturalism and diversity are more interesting and stimulating.
Multiculturalism is like cohesive ethnic federalism
Assimilation and cultural unity is impossible to achieve
Some nations find identity and pride in multicultural policies
Multiculturalism calls for a mosaic rather than a melting pot
Multiculturalism can help separate conflicting groups.
Multiculturalism's tolerance is a better principle than assimilation's exclusivity.
If some aspects of multiculturalism are bad, they can be changed.
Multiculturalism is beneficial in the business world
Multiculturalism is economically beneficial to immigrants.
Multiculturalism encourages immigration and the resulting economic stimulus
Assimilation unrealistically expects immigrants to shed their cultural heritage
Illegal aliens are not in a position to assimilate
It is misleading to claim America is a prime example of assimilation
Publics favor maintaining unique cultural heritages and multiculturalism
India's Pluralism and the Benefits from it:
Some cultures don't warrant protection under multiculturalism
The pretense that it is just my culture can justify almost anything
Assimilation does not mean abandoning cultural distinctions
Why go to live in a country if you do not accept its principles
Multiculturalism does entail the loss of culture; that of the host country:
Multiculturalism sacrifices individual rights to group rights
Multiculturalism and accommodation jeopardizes women's rights
Assimilating cultures is unrelated to race and racism
Multiculturalism does not help empower minority groups
Multiculturalism politicizes identity in ethnic and religious terms
Multiculturalism highlights differences and can increase hate crimes.
Multicultural states are typically unsuccessful.
Multiculturalism can damage social capital and cohesion
Assimilation promotes national unity
Multiculturalism encourages damaging claims to victimhood
Multiculturalism can lead to class conflict
Multiculturalism highlights differences and can increase hate crimes.
Multiculturalism can constrain police with a fear racism charges.
Sweden's multiculturalism has resulted in violence and instability
Multiculturalism calls for distracting and costly accommodations to foreign students.
Assimilation can provide indigenous peoples with skills to succeed
Multiculturalism can cause the false mashing of identities
America demonstrates that assimilation can succeed.
The public favors assimilation.
Multiculturalism has gone too far in Britain:
