Should Australia be culling kangaroos?
Kangaroos are ruining the habitat of rare lizards and other species
Culling Kangaroo will reduce their consumption of Australian crops.
Kangaroo destruction of habitats is causing soil erosion that damages crops.
Kangaroos sometimes attack people
Kangaroos are the cause of costly car accidents
Kangaroos destroy habitats, causing soil erosion, water contamination
A Kangaroo culling would humanely prevent a population crash
The RSPCA's support for a culling hints that it is in the long-term interests of Kangaroos.
The meat and skin of culled Kangaroos will not be wasted.
Kangaroo shooting may be preferable to culling by dart-euthanasia
Kangaroos are killed for commercial purposes without complaint
The Code of Practice in the ACT helps ensures culls are humane.
Kangaroos can be culled humanely through sedation then euthanasia
Translocating Kangaroos in Australia often traumatizes these animals
Translocation of Kangaroos threatens integrity of their new habitat
Translocation often places Kangaroos in a threatening environment
Moving massive numbers of Kangaroos is an expensive project.
Sterilization is not an effective response to Kangaroo over-population
Artificially feeding Kangaroos does not typically slow habitat destruction
Australia's connection with the Kangaroo will not be weakened by a modest culling.
National symbols are not as important as national interests of sustainable Kangaroo populations.
Kangaroo cullings will not be substantial enough to damage the tourism industry.
Kangaroo culling to fight overpopulation cannot be compared with whaling
In this case, the aboriginal interest must be placed on the back burner.
Kangaroos are native to Australia., balanced with ecosystem.
Kangaroo culling is for housing development, not species protection.
Farmers blame kangaroos for not cooperating with their land.
Moving Kangaroos resolves issue of habitat and species destruction.
Kangaroos are not terrorizing wheat crops
Moving Kangaroos would address crop destructions in specific areas.
Kangaroo shootings can jeopardize public safety.
Cullings of any kind are cruel to animals.
Culling kangaroos is inhumane when humane alternatives exist.
Commercial use of kangaroo meat and leather is unethical
Kangaroo culling by dart-euthanasia can be inhumane
Kangaroos should just be moved, not culled.
Translocating Kangaroos is not too difficult or impractical.
Sterilization vaccines can be used instead of killing Kangaroos
Australia has the worst wildlife record in the world.
Kangaroos are part of Australia's identity.
Culling Kangaroo tarnishes the image of Australia around the world.
Killing millions of kangaroos does not make it sustainable.
Kangaroo culling damages the tourism industry
Australia could make alot more money on Kangaroo tourism.
Kangaroo culling undermines Australia's case against Japanese whaling
Kangaroos have been part of Aboriginal culture for millenia.
