What are the pros and cons of direct democracy?
Citizens are competent enough to make good policy
Citizens are best at determining their own interests.
Citizens have a right to sign petitions, vote on referendums
Direct democracy encourages citizens to educate themselves.
Being part of the process is a requirement in a democracy.
Nothing wrong about NIMBYism through initiatives.
Rep democracy produces un-representative leaders.
Direct democracy helps check political class
Direct democracy promotes democratic principles.
Political parties are unfortunate consequence of rep. democracy.
Direct democracy checks the tendency toward package deals.
Rep democracy is less accountabile than direct democracy.
Direct democracy avoids appointment of unaccountable officials.
Direct democracy generally reduces the risks of corruption.
Rep government can lead to conflicts of interest.
Many founding fathers believed in government by the people
Direct democracy is relatively cheap
Citizens are not informed enough to make good policy
Voters tend to be self-centered in a direct democracy.
Voters are too apathetic to make good laws
Direct democracy fosters emotional decision-making.
Direct democracy disables unpopular but necessary decisions
Direct democracy often results in radical measures
General statements against direct democracy
Having to vote on every issue is a burden on citizens.
Direct democracy is too slow and inefficient.
Direct democracy makes politicians timid and ineffective
Opponents cannot amend/refine bills in direct democracy
Direct democracy enables unfortunate minority rule
Citizens prefer electing reps over passing referendums
Direct democracy over-simplifies policies to a yes/no vote.
Referenda devalue role of legislative bodies
Campaigns for ballot measures often have unfair resource advantages
Referenda are often a malignant form of protestation.
Direct democracy lacks accountability of decision-making
Bills in rep democracy pass through beneficial committees
Direct democracy dulls politicians' sense of responsibility
Direct democracy creates risk of corrupt recall efforts.
Unorganized minorities are vulnerable in direct democracy
American founders favored rep democracy over direct dem
Jean-Jacques Rousseau advocated for direct democracy
Direct democracy is expensive
Direct democracy generally only works on a small scale.
