Should humans stop eating animals and become vegetarians?
Animal life is equivalent in value to human life
Animals are equal to humans in science as lifeforms on Earth
Modern humans have lost touch with animals and our likeness
Animals have emotions, personalities, and souls just like humans
Humans can do wrong so can be morally inferior to animals
Animals are superior to humans in many of their abilities
Human and animal differences do not justify speciism/discrimination
From a utilitarian perspective morality should not be based on species differences
Dominion makes humans stewards; no right to harm/exploit animals
Evolutionary science debunks the idea of human dominion over animals
Humans and animals are of one family like brothers and sisters
Animals are independent creatures that don't exist to serve humans
Killing animals undermines the dignity life
Animal rights promotes the true science of humans and animals as kin
Societies that adopt animal rights progress morally
Animals deserve the same basic rights that humans enjoy
Animals have rights and it is wrong to kill them needlessly.
Eating meat means that animals suffer
Humans are obligated to cause animals no pain or suffering
Animal rights can be assigned according to animal psychology
Humans have a choice and thus responsibility to do no harm to animals.
Killing animals should be viewed as equivalent to killing humans
Animals should be treated as we would want to be treated
Humans must respect animal rights even if animals can't reciprocate
Animals are like vulnerable minorities that can't vote to end abuses
The markets incentivize lowering animal rights and welfare.
That animals harm/kill each other does not justify the same by humans
Farming animals for meat is very unnatural.
Humans don't need meat; eating it is an immoral choice
Eating meat is like cannibalism; eating fellow creatures
Vegetarians adopt a proper philosophy toward animals
A vegetarian diet is healthier for humans
Vegetarianism reduces exposure to dioxins found in meats/dairy
Meat-eating is linked to a range of serious illness such as food-poisoning.
Eating meat is bad for both animals and for humans; simple ethics
Vegetarians avoid consuming chemicals related to animal pain/death.
Vegetarian diet can provide all essential nutrients
Vegetarianism is important in the fight against global warming
Vegetarianism generally helps the environment
Due to its relative inefficiency, meat is very expensive
If demand falls, supply will decline too.
Evolutionary attachment to animals means they deserve rights.
Non-meat agriculture has a higher yield and can help end famine.
Animals belong in their natural habitat in the wild.
Human life is of greater intrinsic value than animal life
There is a great moral difference between humans and animals.
If humans are animals, why defy our animalistic instincts?
Humans have dominion over animals with a right to exploit them
Dominion and meat-eating can and should be excercised responsibly.
Humans have dominion over evolutionarily domesticated animals
There is no evidence that vegetarians are more compassionate
Cruelty to animals is wrong, but farming/meat-eating is not always cruel/wrong.
Exploiting animals is more dignified than their living in the wild
Animals can't uphold human rights; we are not obligated to uphold theirs
Animals cannot possess rights because they have no moral judgement
Animals cannot make moral claims so cannot claim rights
If animals have rights, do we criminalize animals that abuse each other's rights?
That the retarded have rights does not justify animal rights
Animal rights reduce humans to mere animals, not made in God's image
Granting rights to animals would damage human rights
Protecting animals from suffering by humans is a matter of animal welfare not rights.
Humans have always eaten/exploited animals; it has evolved into our DNA
Eating meat is entirely natural for omnivorous humans.
Vegetarianism would cause the extinction of domesticated animals.
Animal rights unfairly alienate humans from the natural order.
Farming is evolutionary and mutually-beneficial for humans and animals.
A strictly vegetarian diet can promote health problems.
It is healthiest to eat a balanced diet with both meat and vegetable products.
Dioxins found in meats are not really dangerous
Vegetarian foods have as many health risks as animal foods.
Fats contained in animal meat are healthy to consume in moderation.
Vegetarians are healthy due to their health-consciousness not vegetarianism.
Many special environments have been created by livestock farming
You don't have to be vegetarian to be an avid environmentalist.
Meat can be produced very cheaply
More meat will be consumed globally
Offering rights to animals based on evolution is a slippery slope.
Famine is not caused by a lack of food globally.
Animals do not have rights so can be held in captivity.
