Is single-payer health care a good idea?
The government funds fire-stations, why not universal health care?
Health is often out of an individual's control; like fires.
When the wealthy must use public health care, the system improves
Many single-payer systems give patients free choice of practitioners.
Free, universal health care helps the unhealthy in times of need.
It is wrong to make more vulnerable people pay more for insurance
Unacceptable to leave health care of millions to rare charity orgs/docs.
Health care is a basic human right or entitlement
Universal health care protects healthy citizens from many health risks
Health care is considered a right in international law.
Universal health care is a social good, not merely an economic good
Universal health care is a legitimate burden on the tax payer.
Universal healthcare helps foster greater equality across classes.
Most uninsured simply can't afford it; it's not a choice
Universal care would protect doctors/hospitals from free-loaders
Universal health care is not welfare; its benefits are diverse/widespread
It is a myth that the uninsured are being provided for now
The well insured also face risks without universal health care
Single-payer systems involve government paying for private services
Rationing already exist in the US; universal health care won't change this
A single-payer system will not cause government to intrude in medical decisions
The majority of doctors in the US support universal health care
Universal health care can actually strengthen doctor pay
Single-payer systems insure individuals, but don't restrict doctors
Universal health care grounds doctors in professionalism, not commercialism.
For-profit insurance companies often put patients at risk to cut costs
Insurance companies screen out those that need health care the most
Universal health care systems incentivize improving patient health.
Universal health care will allow doctors to concentrate on patients
Universal health care allows investments in longer-term patient relationships.
Universal health care decreases the likelihood of health related problems.
Free universal health care motivates people to seek preventive care
Government has a cost incentive to invest in preventive care
Medical innovation has little to do with investment and profit
Most investment in medical innovation does not come from companies
Profit interests corrupt investments in medical innovation
Universal health care creates a universal standard of care
It is a myth that the United States' private system has fewer delays
Public health care is good; it just receives more scrutiny/criticism
Single-payer health care reduces complexities faced by patients
Competition in health care is generally a bad idea
Competition causes the wasteful duplication of expensive forms of care
Universal health care makes people healthier so more productive.
Universal health care systems are more economically efficient.
Universal health care lowers long-term health costs
There are major hidden costs associated with the uninsured
Private healthcare providers are more expensive than public providers
Single-payer health care gets rid of wasteful middlemen
Cost savings with universal health care will outweigh program costs
Costs are inconsequential if health care is considered a universal right.
No universal health care leads to excessive, expensive use of the ER
Aging countries contain health care costs without difficulty
US has a big bureaucracy now; universal care won't make it bigger
Universal health care reduces administrative costs (i.e. paper work)
A profit health care environment results in more frivolous lawsuits
Private health care has become increasingly unaffordable for individuals
The lack of universal health care is a leading cause of bankruptcy
Total costs for individuals would be reduced by universal health care:
Single-payer health care allows bargaining for lower drug prices
Single-payer systems create new job opportunities
Many businesses cannot pay the private health insurance of employees
Health insurance strains on businesses damage global competitiveness
No universal health care causes job lock
Universal health care internationally is better than US system
High US health care costs are not attributable to poor American health
High US health care costs are not attributable to premiums for rapid care
Millions don't have health insurance in US; universal health care would address this
US is the only industrial country without universal health care
There are many ways to pay for any added costs of universal health care
A payroll tax could help fund universal health care
A cigarette tax is a socially responsible way to pay for health care
Only the government can provide a coherent universal health care system.
Universal health care makes a centralized national database possible
Government-control of databases better protect privacy than companies.
Health problems are more about individual choices than fires and crime.
Whether universal health care is analogous to other services is inconsequential.
People have a right to pay more for better health care
Universal health care will have rules that decrease patient flexibility
Single-payer systems make it harder to get care when it's most needed
A right to health care is not necessary in taking care of sick patients.
Universal health care violates individual freedom and responsibility
Free, universal health care is an illegitimate positive right
The necessity of medical care does not make it a right.
People leading healthy lives will be burdened by the unhealthy
People should pay only for health services they themselves receive
Securing a right to universal health means impeding on other rights
Universal health care systems suffer from inequality of care
Government-funded universal health care would violate patient privacy
Whether health care is a right under i-law is inconsequential.
Whether universal health care is a legitimate burden on the tax payer should be considered inconsequential.
Whether universal health care is a social good is inconsequential.
It is impossible to answer whether universal health care fosters greater equality.
Government-funded universal health care is no right
If people are uninsured, that's their choice
Many uninsured are lazy free-loaders who don't deserve care
Universal health care would amount to welfare for the uninsured.
Many uninsured can easily afford it so should not receive sympathy
The uninsurance problem should be solved by less, not more government
Do large numbers of uninsured give cause to universal health care?
Single-payer health care is socialized medicine
Universal health care leads to rationing.
Government intrudes in medical decisions in a single-payer system.
Universal health care creates dependencies on government
Is it wrong to call single-payer systems socialized medicine? is another inconsequential question.
A right to health care violates the rights of physicians
Universal health care will cut physician cash-flow and disrupt living-standards.
Universal health care would lower rewards so reduce quality of physicians
Single-payer health care over-loads doctors and burns them out
The markets are better at providing quality; same with health care.
Government-mandated procedures would reduce doctor flexibility/quality
Quality of health care is much worse under universal health care.
IT investments do not require government intervention.
Lack of preventative care does not significantly contribute to life expectancy or quality of life.
Better technologies and treatments in private health care aids prevention.
Higher-end treatment is important; sometimes you can't prevent illness.
Single-payer health care hinders medical investment and innovation
Under investment in single-payer system leads to capacity shortages
Government will set an inferior standard of health care
Single-payer, universal health care results in long waits for patients
John Goodman, president of the National Center for Policy Analysis, wrote,
Frequent cancellations are a feature of universal health care systems.
Single-payer health care erodes competition in price and value
Governments might attempt to control costs by gaining or enforcing monopsony power.
Free health care leads to overuse of medical services and higher costs
Universal health care can't be reversed even if costs explode
Single-payer systems create rigid prices unresponsive to shortages/gluts
Aging countries cannot afford universal health care.
Universal health care creates a big, inefficient bureaucracy.
The costs of transition to a universal health care program would be large:
Universal health care would increase frivolous malpractice lawsuits
Universal health care is not free; people pay with their taxes.
Single-payer systems typically mean higher taxes.
Allowing for pooling of resources to force drugs to lower prices will reduce overall innovation.
Free, universal health care would devastate the insurance industry
Universal health care risks monopsony:
US health care costs more because Americans are less healthy.
US health care costs more because Americans pay to avoid waiting.
Just because Americans are uninsured doesn't mean they can't get health care
So many are uninsured in America due to government regulations
Greater access to health insurance does not improve public health
Emergency hospital visits of the uninsured is a manageable problem
Advanced care improves Americans' chances of surviving cancer
Medicare is a failure that should not be expanded into universal care
A mixed private-public system would preserve existing industries.
Health care databases threaten to violate the privacy of patients.
