Is Libertarianism a sound political philosophy?
Individuals have a right to own themselves with full independence.
People choose best for themselves; they should have a right to this choice.
Individuals are entirely free, except to violate the freedoms of others
People are free moral creatures, accountable to nobody but themselves.
Libertarianism offers voters an important political alternative.
People should not be forced to interact with a government
People can be trusted to make the right choices
People have full rights to their property that governments can't deprive
The benefits of government can be obtained by voluntary mechanisms.
People should be able to choose.
Government benefits don't justify the means; non-consensual coercion.
Government is corrupt and works against the interests of the people
Libertarianism was the philosophy of many US Founding Fathers (e.g. Jefferson).
Free-market economics is the ideal form of (non)governance
Libertarians are rightly against trade blocs and for free trade.
Government merely defends the interests of the rich against the poor
Libertarianism correctly adopts a neutral, non-interventionist foreign policy.
People will receive money from charities.
People will receive money from families.
Libertarians are opposed to government intervention on all social issues.
Libertarians call for repealing all laws regulating sex
Women have a right to control their bodies and choose abortion
Libertarians oppose all restrictions on freedom of speech
In a libertarian society people would feel more responsible for their actions
Libertarians would decriminalize many crimes, so reduce crime.
Individuals have the right to appropriate natural resources.
People can be trusted to make right environmental choices
Many left forms of Libertarianism call for environmental protections.
The Libertarian Party only exists to promote libertarianism
All people joining the Libertarian party a required to confirm they are Libertarian.
Libertarianism promotes many right wing view points
Libertarians cooperate with many left wing organizations
Libertarians overlook that government/law exist to preserve rights.
Individuals must cede some rights to gain collective, democratic power
Libertarian full self-ownership permits voluntary enslavement
Free market economics fosters capitalist authoritarianism; undermines rights
Libertarianism contradicted by mere existence of body of law
Making all government interaction voluntary would cause a huge increase in crime
People can not always be trusted to make the right choices
Society must collectively own many form of property through government
Liberal democracies should ensure a degree of equality of outcome
Libertarianism abandons the social contract and Western political thought
Libertarianism does not allow for essential public services (i.e. roads)
Libertarianism contradicts the need for government monopoly of force
People need government to prevent them from making mistakes.
People can not always be trusted to make the right choices
Free-market capitalism is a sub-optimal socio-economic model
Past fears of government programs bankrupting society proved wrong
Free market capitalism is a non-existent myth in modernity
Libertarian economics runs contrary to modern economic theory.
Modern economics calls for case-by-case government intervention
Free marketeers deduce from a false premise that markets explain humans
Free market economics fosters capitalist authoritarianism; undermines rights
Libertarianism adopts a faulty isolationist foreign policy.
People are obligated to offer support to others when it is a matter of survival
Libertarians are self-centered and unconcerned with the suffering of others
It is important for society to set some moral boundaries.
People need government to prevent them from making mistakes.
Libertarianism would give criminals an immunity from loss
Libertarianism would allow individuals to own and destroy the environment
By being involved in government, the Libertarian Party has stopped being Libertarian.
Some Libertarian party members are not Libertarians.
Libertarians cooperate with many non right wing organizations
There is no point in defining a radical form anarchism (Libertarianism)
Libertarianism promotes many right wing view points, not just left wing points
There is no point in defining a radical form anarchism (Libertarianism)
