Is Wikipedia a reliable and socially beneficial resource?
Wikipedia is equally accurate and reliable as Encyclopedia Britannica
Trust in Britannica's credentials over Wikipedia is misplaced; human error in both.
Wikipedia is not limited as are paper encyclopedias such as Britannica.
Readers can correct errors on Wikipedia but not on Britannica.
Wikipedia is free; Many online encyclopedias are not.
If Wikipedia has it wrong, so too does Britannica.
Wikipedia opens discussion on truth; Britannica closes it
Wikipedia is constantly updated; traditional encyclopedias are not.
Criticism of the reliability of Wikipedia tends to highlight isolated examples
Top online encyclopedias have disclaimers and provide no warranty as to their accuracy
Amateur work can be improved by expert editors and professionals.
Other encyclopedia articles are written merely by professional writers (not experts).
Amateurs are capable of becoming expert editors.
Wikis fit with the idea of the web as interactive and editor-friendly.
Wikipedia seems to attract highly intelligent, articulate people
Wikipedia's international editorial-base provides a strong world-view.
Many of Wikipedia's editors are experts or professionals in the field of coverage.
Many Wikipedians are experts in a niche field or local area.
Pre-selecting writers of articles is not a sound model for building an encyclopedia.
No encyclopedia (including Wikipedia) is a reliable primary source
There is no reason Wikipedia can't be considered a serious reference.
Collective knowledge on Wikipedia is superior to individual, small-group knowledge.
Peer review processes frequently entrench the status quo.
Wikipedia encourages using sources with peer-review.
Changing Wikipedia's open model would undermine the factors that have enabled its success.
No encyclopedia (including Wikipedia) is a reliable primary source
Wikipedia creates reliability through the democratic check of openness.
Most people only write reliable facts when editing wikis
Wikipedia is a work in progress and self-correcting.
Wikipedia does have strong standards
Standards are always improving on Wikipedia.
Some articles on Wikipedia are only stubs that should be full articles.
Wikipedia's consensus model smothers cranks and mis-informants with reasonable minds.
Vandalisms aimed at demonstrating Wikipedia's unreliability are invalid.
Corrections are made and vandalism are reverted very rapidly on Wikipedia
Wikis need more users to help them grow
User identity is impossible to enforce on the Internet
Anonymity on Wikipedia is an important privacy protection
Anonymous abuses on Wikipedia are checked by a loyal community
Less significant articles on Wikipedia don't hamper significant ones
Users edit according to their interests and passions on Wikipedia.
Wikipedia is not for individual prose, but superior collective knowledge.
Wikipedia enables the presentation of arguments in a neutral context.
Wikipedia promotes philosophies of making the world a better place
Nature's study of Wikipedia and Britannica was poorly conducted
Nature's study showed Wikipedia to be 31% less accurate than Britannica
Wikipedia has many stupid or irrelevant articles as compared to Britannica.
Wikipedia's openness prevents it from winning public trust like Britannica
Nature's study showed Wikipedia to be 31% less accurate than Britannica
Wikis cannot possibly be 100% reliable if anyone can edit them.
Wikipedia's anti-elitism has damaged its quality and credibility
Amateurs with no knowledge on a subject cannot produce quality articles.
Micro-contributions can lead to incoherent and uncoordinated articles.
Those disaffected with humanity see Wikipedia as an outlet for their vitriol
Wikipedia's collectivism produces mediocre information
Wikipedia is not an authoritative encyclopedia
Wikipedia is online and interactive, unlike other encyclopedias
Wikipedia's consensus model results in the loudest voices dominating
Editors form into gangs to impose their views on opposite minded contributors.
Wikipedia cannot succeed with information as Linux succeeded with software
Wikipedia lacks the important process of peer-review
Wikipedia should have a peer review process before edits are accepted
Wikipedia is generally unreliable
Anyone can delete huge amounts of text from Wikipedia articles
Anyone can insert huge amounts of text into an article
Good articles can be worsened on Wikipedia.
Encyclopedia Britannica has higher standards than Wikipedia,
The quality of Wikipedia articles does not always improve over-time
Many incomplete stub articles persist on Wikipedia.'
Wikipedia falls prey to determined abusers and vandals.
Many vandalisms on Wikipedia are not corrected for months
Wikipedia falls prey to libel and character assassination
Wikipedia's popularity makes the spread of misinformation/libel common.
Wikipedia is an ideal target for smear campaigns.
This will remove the issue of vandalism
Wikipedia suffers from systemic bias; disproportionate coverage
Wikipedia suffers from a liberal bias
Wikipedia is cultish and repels minority points of view
Despite claims to the opposite, Wikipedia is a bureaucracy
There's a culture of hostility and conflict, rather than of good will and cooperation.
Wikipedia is creating large numbers of wikipediholics
Authors cannot claim authorship of any article.
Editing Wikipedia is tedious in the case of conflicts.
Wikipedia is losing good editors at an alarming rate.
Wikipedia's NPOV policies contradict inherently opposing views
NPOV is difficult for the ordinary reader to filter.
There's no way to split irreconcilable POVs
Politics defies and cannot easily be handled by NPOV.
