Should delegates from Florida and Michigan be alloted in the 2008 US elections?
The candidates never agreed to not seat Michigan and Florida delegates
Florida Democrats are not responsible for violating primary rules so shouldn't be punished
Dem primary rules offer states options after being stripped of delegates
The primary system and late Michigan and Florida primaries disenfranchises these states.
Seating Michigan and Florida delegates in 2008 gives a voice to voters there
Giving Michigan and Florida voters a voice in 2008 benefits the Democratic party.
Giving Michigan and Florida voters a voice in 2008 ensures their support in the general election
Deadlocked primary nomination could be resolved by Michigan and Florida delegates.
Punishing the Flor. and Mich. Democratic state parties should not also punish voters.
The Jan. 29th Michigan and Florida primaries represent the public will
Florida voters were sufficiently informed despite not being campaigned to.
Raising money for a 2008 mail-in re-vote in Florida would not be difficult
A 2008 mail-in re-vote in Michigan and Florida would be democratically inclusive
Howard Dean, DNC Chairman, said on a re-vote.
A Florida and Michigan re-vote could help decide the Democratic nomination
Splitting the delegates would give some voice to Michigan and Florida voters.
Splitting the votes would avoid the pitfalls of a re-vote.
Splitting Michigan and Florida delegates would avoid pitfalls of allotting them according to January's results.
Allotting delegates according to popular vote would help end deadlocked elections.
Michigan and Florida knowingly violated the rules and so should be punished
Obama and Clinton should stick to their agreement to not campaign in and count Florida and Michigan
Florida and Michigan's infractions threaten to damage the election process and so warrant severe punishments
People's opinions converge towards the belief that rules within election campaigns matter for purposes of consistency and democratic values
Changing the rules mid-game is sure to disadvantage one candidate
The Michigan and Florida elections were not valid and the results should not be used
The Democratic party has the democratic right to enforce its primary rules.
Another re-count in Florida in 2008 will re-kindle old American wounds.
Michigan ballots unfairly contained Clinton's name but not Obama's
Seating delegates based on first 2008 Florida and Michigan primaries would punish candidates that did not campaign there.
Without candidate campaigns in Michigan and Florida primaries, voters were uninformed.
Florida's Democratic party rejected in March, 2008 holding a re-vote
A mail-in ballot funded by private interests risks conflicts of interest
A mail-in re-vote in Mich and Flor risks encountering balloting issues.
It is unclear who should pay for mail re-votes in Mich and Florida
The 2008 presidential elections is not a time for Florida to try a mail-in ballot
A mail-in ballot risks disenfranchising poor, more transient voters
A mail-in ballot system entails risks of voter fraud
In Michigan or Florida re-vote, how would Democrats that registered Republican vote?
Republican control of Michigan legislature makes Democratic primary re-vote unlikely
Splitting the delegates would not give Floridians and Michigan voters any say.
Allotting Florida and Michigan delegates according to national will promotes a tyranny of the majority.
There is some national resentment surrounding seating Florida and Michigan delegates.
