Is gambling generally bad for society? Should it be severely restricted?
Gambling is irrational and reckless
Casinos are often associated with criminal activity.
Casinos don't produce any product:
Gambling is addictive.
Analogy that gambling truly is like a drug, and should be treated as a controlled substance:
It is drug-like in the way that it dramatically utilizes human chemicals:
The addictive and destructive nature of gambling is also drug-like:
The long-term economic negatives outweigh the short-term economic gains:
The actual economic benefits of casinos are exaggerated.
There are too many economic externalities surrounding gambling, which nullify the benefits:
Jobs could be created through many other industries that cause fewer moral and practical problems (e.g. theme parks).
Any economic benefits would not matter, if the industry is deemed immoral:
Estimated losses from compulsive gambling:
It is immoral for the state or charities to raise money by exploiting people's stupidity and greed.
Gambling is regressive
Legalized gambling activities act as a regressive tax on the poor (Clotfelter and Cook 1989).
Contention that education is harmed by gambling practices:
Internet gambling is especially dangerous.
Contention that the general individual losses from gambling are justified by it being a fun and leisurely activity worth paying for:
Psychological benefits of gambling:
Gambling increases individual efficiency:
People committing crimes should be prosecuted.
Contention that casinos are involved in the entertainment business, and need not produce a tangible product:
Contention that gambling is not physically addictive:
Casinos cause money to be spent on transport infrastructure, which is very beneficial to economies:
Casinos help the tourism industry of a place:
Examples in which casinos have helped to regenerate many places that previously had considerable poverty and social problems:
Legalized gambling on reservations is very important to Native American tribes:
Gambling is often used to raise money for the state or good causes. Charities use prize draws to raise funds:
It is impossible to stop online gambling.
