Should Tibet seek and gain independence?
History
Diplomatic Recognition
Distinct Identity
Self-determination
Tibet has enjoyed independence for the vast majority of its long history
The PRC bases its legal claim to Tibet solely on historical grounds
China bases its historical claim to Tibet on illegitimated Chinese documents
China's historical claim to Tibet is delegitimized by its historically forceful means.
A history of close-ties and military assistance does not equate to Chinese sovereignty.
The People's Republic of China cannot inherit ownership over Tibet.
127 B.C marks the beginning of a long history of Tibetan statehood.
In 821, China and Tibet agreed to respect each other's sovereignty
The Atlas of Chinese History Maps depicts Tibet as an independent country before 1280.
Between the 13th and 14th centuries Tibet was under Mongol not Chinese rule
Mongolia gave diplomatic recognition to the Tibetan state in 1207
Even during the periods of nominal subjugation to the Mongol and Qing Empires, Tibet was largely self-governing.
The Ming Dynasty (1368-1644) did not actually
The Qing Emperor accepted The Fifth Dalai Lama in 1652 as the leader of an independent Tibet
Tibet had only satellite relationship with the Manchus (Qing, 1644-1911)
Tibet waged war in the 19th century independent from China.
Tibet was an independent state between 1911 and 1950
Tibetan independence was recognized by world powers during WWII
China's invasion of Tibet in 1950 was illegal and makes its occupation of Tibet illegal
Tibet was a fully independent country when China invaded in 1949
How could China have liberated Tibet in 1949 if it claims prior sovereignty.
Argument: Tibet had a distinct national identity and independence before China illegally invaded in 1949
The Seventeen Point Agreement was signed under duress and is illegitimate
China violated Tibet autonomy as called for in Seventeen Point Agreement
Tibetans opposed China's occupation since the invasion in 1949
Tibet recognized at Geneva conventions after WWII
Tibetans have a distinct national culture
The Tibetan language is related to the Chinese Language, but is clearly distinct, as seen when it is compared to Mandarin, Cantonese, and the other Chinese dialects/languages
Tibet has its own national flag and anthem.
Tibet has an ethnically distinct people.
Tibet is geographically distinct from China.
Tibet has its own currency
Tibetans have the right to self-determination, and the right to choose independence.
The majority of Tibetans desire independence.
The principles of Tibet independence should be considered outside of the context of other separatist movements.
The Tibetan case for independence is analogous to US rationales for independence in 1776.
Tibet's case for independence is equally justified as Kosovo's case
China's invasion of Tibet invalidates its right to govern it
The Chinese government is not working toward solutions for Tibet
Military of Tibet oppresses Tibetans
China is a communist nation, so inherently suppresses Tibetan rights.
China continues to arrest and hold Tibetan political prisoners
China is engaging in torture in Tibet
The Chinese government has restricted media access in Tibet.
China suppresses all political protest in Tibet
China has not opened sufficient negotiations with Tibetans
China is depriving Tibetans of their religious freedoms
China has no right to keep Tibet while depriving it of its natural leader, the Dalai Lama
China has no right to select the next Dalai Lama
China has not invested well in Tibetan education
The Tibetan population is still among the poorest in the world, the literacy rate of Tibetans in Tibet (as opposed to those in exile) is shockingly low
Tibetan students are forced to use Chinese as the official language
Tibetan students are being taught false history
Tibetan students can't discuss Tibetan social issues
Money funneled into cultural restoration projects is aimed only at attracting foreign tourists.
Tibetan students are forced to use Chinese as the official language
Tibetan students are being taught false history
Han Chinese are given preferential treatment in Tibet's labor market.
Tibet independence will ensure that Tibetans fairly benefit from economic gains
China's development aid to Tibet only consolidates its control
China's development aid undermines Tibetan culture and identity
With Chinese as the official language, Tibetans can't get state jobs
China is exploiting and looting Tibet's natural resources
China's militarization of Tibet is damaging its environment
China's occupation of Tibet has led to massive deforestation
Chinese expansion in Tibet is a real threat to the Tibetans
Tibet's traditional government was good and improving
The Tibetan Government in Exile has strong democratic designs for Tibet
China has a long history of human rights abuses in Tibet
The Chinese government has been abusive in policing Tibet
Tibetans cannot live freely under Chinese rule
China unjustly and brutally expelled Tibetan officials when it invaded
China not only attacks Tibet, it also attacks people who diagree with Chinese policy.
Tibet has operated largely autonomously under Chinese rule.
The International Commission of Jurists concluded that Tibet in 1913-50 demonstrated the conditions of statehood as generally accepted under international law.
Foreign powers have diplomatically treated Tibet as an independent state.
China has ensured that Tibet's economic progress mainly benefits China
Independence would allow Tibet to tailor its economic policies to its particular economy
Economic independence from China will prevent economic corruption
By depriving Tibet of independence, China damages its own image
Tibetan independence would relieve the strain it places on China.
Tibet's independence cause enjoys substantial legitimacy in the world.
Tibet can follow the East Timor model to achieving independence
Tibet independence would reduce the risks of Tibetan refugee crises.
China's militarization of Tibet is a regional risk
Tibet independence would end international protests and diplomatic tensions.
It would be good for the world for other legitimate secessionist movements to succeed in achieving independence.
The US supports Dalai Lama and his cause
From a legal stand point Tibet is an illegally occupied independent country
Parts of Qinghai and Western Sichuan are essentially Tibetan and should therefore be united with Tibet if Tibet ever becomes independent.
The Chinese government will not compromise and offer Tibet autonomy
China is exploiting the good intentions of the Middle Way
Tibetan cultural identity can survive only outside of China's modernization agenda
Tibetans in exile enjoy greater freedom currently than autonomy could offer
If Tibetans accept autonomy, they will close the door to independence in the future.
China claims Tibet is autonomous; independendce is only other option
History
Diplomatic Recognition
Distinct Identity
Self-determination
Tibet has been autonomous within China but never independent
Historical independence is not a sufficient criteria for Tibetan independence in modernity.
Tibet's history as part of China for just the last 50 years is sufficient for China's continued sovereignty.
Tibet has been an indivisible part of China de jure since Mongol (Yuan) conquest 700 years ago.
China, under the Republic of China government, continued to maintain sovereignty over Tibet between 1912 and 1950.
The Tibetan independence movement has been driven in history by a malicious Western imperialist campaign against China.
This period is irrelevant; China cities later historical claims to Tibet.
During the Tang Dynasty, close social and economic relations were built between the Tibetans and the Hans
The marriage of Chinese and Tibetan royalty in 641 led to unification.
Agreement of 821 is signal of Tibet unification with China
Tibet has been part of China since 13th century Mongol invasions
The Ming Dynasty maintained sovereignty and control over Tibet
The Qing Dynasty handled Tibetan affairs on behalf of the Central Government
San Yet-sen announced in 1911 unification China with Tibet
Between 1911 and 1950, Tibet was represented diplomatically by China.
China liberated Tibet in 1949 from an oppressive history
The liberation of Tibet in 1949 was peaceful, not violent.
By liberating Tibet, China safeguarded its sovereign and territorial integrity.
The Seven Point Agreement gave Tibet a good deal with strong autonomy
The Seven-Point Agreement was signed after both parties reached an agreement
China quelled the feudal intentions of the 1959 Tibetan uprising
No government has ever recognized Tibet as independent
In a multicultural society, Tibet's uniqueness does not warrant independence
Tibetans should not accentuate differences and create prejudices pursuing independence.
The average Tibetan does not actually want independence from China
The Chinese government has a right to protect the unity of China against Tibetan separatism.
China already offers Tibet a right to self-determination with a level of autonomy.
The right to self-determination must be offered sparingly to avoid international instability.
A right to self-determination should only be offered for especially grievous circumstances, which does not include Tibet.
Tibetan exiles forgo any right to self-determination by acting violently and repressively
There is no international consensus on the rights of nationalities to self determination
China focuses great attention on developing Tibet
China liberated Tibet, moving it from backwardness to modernization
Tibet enjoys sufficient autonomy within China
By liberating Tibet, China safeguarded its sovereign and territorial integrity.
China has ensured equality and unity of ethnic groups in Tibet.
Chinese policies have been ethnically reconciliatory
The Chinese authorities have had numerous proactive measure to reach out to Tibet
Tibetan's independence protests have determined the Chinese to change their approach
China has not swamped Tibetans with Han Chinese immigrants
China's military is in Tibet due to the separatist threat there.
China has given Tibet autonomy and democratic representation
China liberated Tibet in 1950 from a feudal, aristocracy.
China fully protects the religious rights of Tibetans
China upholds the use of the Tibetan language in school
China substantially improved Tibet's educational system.
Protecting Tibetan culture by opposing modernization is wrongheaded.
China actively upholds Tibetan culture
The Cultural Revolution's cultural damage has been condemned by China in Tibet as in the rest of China.
China has adopted several policies aimed at honoring and protecting the traditional culture of Tibet
Protecting Tibetan culture by opposing modernization is wrongheaded.
China has turned around Tibet's formerly backwards economic system
China cannot be expected to have already fixed Tibet
China continues to improve on its failures.
China's economic modernization of Tibet has improved living standards
China is providing enhanced subsidies and assistance to Tibet
China is justified in seeking to modernize and assimilate Tibet
Tibet is economically disadvantaged due to its altitude problems
China prioritizes and actively protects Tibet's environment
The Central Tibetan Administration has no moral legitimacy to govern Tibet.
The Central Tibetan Administration renounced Arunachal Pradesh, damaging its moral legitimacy to govern.
The CTA's association with India undermines its legitimacy as the government of Tibet.
2008 Tibetan rioters attacked Han Chinese individuals and their property
Tibetans enjoy better human rights standards today then ever before
Tibet has violated human rights, so may abuses by China shouldn't be held to a double standard.
Tibetan separatists have protested violently and unethically
Old Tibet has a long history of persecuting un-Buddhist Christians
Tibet will modernize only if it remains part of China
An independent Tibet would bring to power a repressive Buddhist theocracy
No country publicly recognizes Tibet as an independent state.
Tibetans lack a unified voice and leadership structure
Independence for Tibet would almost certain lead Taiwanese to press for independence.
China's population strongly opposes Tibet independence.
Dalai Lama believes independence is not the solution for Tibet
The Dalai Lama is not for independence.
Independence would likely turn violent and contravene Buddhist non-violence.
The US will not jeopardize trade with China to support a Tibet independence.
India will not support Tibet Independence out of fear of encouraging separatists in India.
China's permanent membership on the UN Security Council gives it substantial leverage against Tibetan independence.
China is highly unlikely to agree to any negotiations without ruling out Tibet independence
Tibet is too integrated into China to break away
As the UN acknowledges in its charter, independence is a domestic issue outside of the international scope
Foreign powers are simply meddling in China through Tibet.
The New York Times commented on the American policy during the Cold War:
The American Tibetologist Tom Grunfeld writes (that after The Cold War):
There have been protests on nearly every leg of the Olympic torch relay.
The United Nations does charter discourages disruptions of national unity such as a move to Tibetan Independence.
Dalai Lama believes independence is not the solution for Tibet
Greater autonomy for Tibet is more realistic than independence.
