What are the pros and cons of EU expansion and of EU membership itself?
It is morally right to expand benefits of EU membership.
European Union should include all of Europe; it's in their name.
EU enlargement will increase cross-border trade.
EU enlargement improves European living standards
EU expansion will improve flow of knowledge and technology
EU enlargement will open countries to foreign competition
EU enlargement will improve foreign direct investment into eastern Europe.
EU expansion is good for current EU members politically.
Integration is not prevented by EU expansion.
Richer member states gain more than they pay out in subsidies.
EU expansion does not result in jobs migrations from east to west.
Immigration helps drive economic growth.
Cheaper labour is good for the economies of richer European nations.
Better for companies to relocate to Central Europe than to India or China.
EU will work with new members to tackle organized crime.
Enlargement may undermine Common Agricultural Policy, but for the better.
Prospect of EU membership compels reform in former-USSR countries,
Enlargement strengthens EU's role in world affairs
Political corruption of eastern Europe threatens EU.
Mixing rich and poor states in EU mixes interests.
Economic integration and liberalization do not depend on EU
Expanding to include mostly poorer states will strain EU budget.
EU labor regulations will reduce productivity of new entrants
EU environmental regulations will cost new member states
New entrants into EU suffer from increased tax burdens.
EU member states suffer from socialist economic environment
EU enlargement sends jobs from wealthy to poorer countries.
Richer EU states cannot afford to subsidize poorer states.
Economic interests are not represented by unelected EU bureaucracy
Expansion strains EU institution and hampers decision-making, action.
A larger EU is more difficult to integrate politically.
Enlargement would damage commerce of WTO Member States.
EU enlargement helps spread health and food standards
EU enlargement will strain socio-cultural differences
Former USSR states do not want to be dominated by the EU.
Drugs will flow more easily due to entry of new countries into the EU.
Admitting new members to the EU will increase transmission of diseases.
Admitting new members into the EU will increase illegal immigration.
Agricultural subsidies will favor current EU members over future ones.
Free movement of new EU citizens will cause job migrations.
Expansion could devastate farming in western Europe.
Public opinion runs against the European Union.
Applicants need to do more to prove commitment to EU membership.
