Should gay couples be given the same legal rights as heterosexuals in adopting children?
Children do not need distinct male and female parental role-models
A changing society should not cling to traditional family models.
Traditional/nontraditional families equally capable of child-rearing
Nuclear families are failing; can hardly be held up against gay adoption.
Natural label doesn't imply a preferable choice.
The sexuality of parents has no effects on a child's future life
A child's primary role models are his or her parents.
Homosexual parenting is just as good as heterosexual parenting
There is no scientific basis for concluding that gay and lesbian parents are any less fit or capable than heterosexual parents, or that their children are any less psychologically healthy and well adjusted.
Lesbian and gay parents are every bit as fit and capable as heterosexual parents and their children are as psychologically healthy and well-adjusted as children reared by heterosexual parents
The American Academy of Pediatrics and all of the major professional organizations with expertise in child welfare have issued reports and resolutions in support of gay and lesbian parental rights.
The quality of child-rearing in social groups is not a criteria for adoption
Children are currently being responsibly reared by gay couples
Opponents of gay-adoption must prove heterosexuals make better parents
Heterosexual couples often recklessly procreate; gay adoption is deliberate
Children always benefit from two parents (gay or straight) instead of one
Non homosexuals produce bad children too; why alienate gays?
If gays are already adopting, they and their children deserve equal rights
Gay adoption is better than foster care for children
Children and adolescents raised by gay and lesbian parents are not more teased than children and adolescents of heterosexual parents.
Homophobia is wrong so should not be used against gay adoption
Children raised by homosexuals may become more tolerant individuals.
The state should not impose a religious choice
Opposing gay adoption preserves traditional family as ideal for child-rearing.
Children do better with mother and father role models
Children raised by same-sex parents are not more likely to have same-sex orientations themselves.
The relevance of causes of sexual orientation to policy is dubious
Some babies are born with a predisposition to homosexuality
Homosexuality would bring the end of the human race
Children should not be subjects of a gay adoption experiment
Gay marriage should be compared against average marriages; not worst case ones.
Children adopted by gays are subjected to homophobia/prejudices
Homosexuals teach a tolerance toward dysfunctionality.
There are some rules to religion.
