Should governments prioritize spending on the exploration of space?
Space exploration is inspiring and pushes humans to advance
Space exploration inspires children to study science (an investment)
Manned space-flight has spawned many scientific innovations
Space exploration pays for itself by inspiring funders.
Public funding is necessary to achieve real results in space.
Space programs have relatively small budgets
Space exploration is more valuable than some other human expenditures
Space exploration has brought many practical benefits to humans
Humans could benefit from natural resources of other planets
Space exploration stimulates economic activity and jobs on Earth.
Humans should not rely solely on Earth for their long-term future
Humans are able to make judgments in space exploration and testing.
Robots are inefficient at collecting data.
Humans must be in space in order to test the impact space has on them.
Manned missions force space-craft to have greater weight-bearing capacities for rocks.
Multinational space programs are good for international diplomacy.
Individuals are not always good at judging what is beneficial in the long term.
There is sufficient room for exploration on earth; space is excessive
The scientific benefits of manned space programmes are severely overstated
Few missions to space have produced notable scientific results.
Going into space to discover the effects of space on humans is circular logic.
The costs of pushing the boundaries in space are too high.
Space funding would be better spent helping people on earth
Private markets are better suited to invest in space exploration
Significant private capital can be raised for space exploration.
The risk of us being wiped out by an asteroid like the dinosaurs is very very small.
Humans should not bank on destroying the Earth and moving to another planet.
60% of Americans oppose funding a mission to Mars.
Mars mission is not first in the list of priorities.
Some spin-off technology will come from unmanned space travel as easily as from manned space travel
Funding should only go to cost-effective robotic space exploration
Flag-staking is occurring in space and spread nationalistic sentiments.
People should not be forced to contribute towards something they oppose.
People can be trusted to make the right choices
