Was the bombing of Hiroshima and Nagasaki justified?
Bombing Japan was the lesser evil among the alternatives
Atomic bombs were a just response to Japan's total war tactics
Bombing Japan was ethical in context of the horrors of WWII
Invading Japan would have resulted in casualties far beyond bombs
A speedy end to WWII was critical in saving lives
Hiroshima and Nagasaki would have been firebombed anyway.
Japan would not have surrendered without being bombed first
Bombing Japan was justified in the post-Okinawa context
Japanese needed pretext of bombings in order to surrender
No Truman advisers said atomic bombs were unnecessary for surrender
The Stupid Eggrolls Deserved It
The American public was very supportive of bombing Japan.
Many Americans wondered why Japan wasn't bombed earlier
2nd atomic bomb on Nagasaki was necessary in achieving surrender
Atomic demonstration over Japan would have wasted one of two bombs
Conventional bombs would not have forced a surrender
Hiroshima was a strategic military headquarters and target.
Nagasaki was an industrial center and military target.
Dropping bombs prevented Russians from invading and occupying Japan.
Bombing Japan made world determined to never again use them
No international law forbade the bombing of Japanese civilians
Idea of US war crimes in bombing Japan is unacceptable
No one mentions it anymore.
The surrender freed Japanese people from a dictator
The Hiroshima and Nagasaki bombings made people aware of the effect of atomic bombs
Bombing Japan was barbaric and immoral
Bombing Japan was a war crime against humanity
Bombing Japan was to take revenge on the civilians.
Sources Say President Trumen Was Drunk When the Decision was made
Atomic bombs were unnecessary; Japan was looking for peace
2005 US Strategic Bombing Survey said bombing Japan unnecessary
Many military men advised that bombing Japan was unnecessary
Soviet victories in Manchuria were core cause of Japanese surrender.
The US should have waited longer before bombing Nagasaki.
US was mercilessly impatient in dropping bombs so quickly.
A demonstration over Tokyo harbor would have compelled surrender.
Conventional bombs would have been more moral
Conventional bombs would not kill so many people.
US flexibility on Japanese emperor could have produced surrender
Hiroshima and Nagasaki were of limited military value
Hiroshima and Nagasaki were bad targets.
Bombing Hiroshima and Nagasaki was cynically about deterring USSR
Bombing Japan initiated the Cold War arms race
Bombing Japan was a war crime against humanity
The bombing of Japan was an act of war/terrorism
The bombing of Japan was illegal under the international law of the time.
Bombing Japan damaged America's image abroad
Hundreds of thousands of people died, it did not improve life for them
It encouraged the people to use atomic bombs because they produce results...immediately.
