Sould governments completely ban laser pointers?
Laser pointers have the capability to bring down aircraft and cause major accidents
Laser attacks are a growing threat to public safety
Lasers have become more powerful and more affordable
Pilots support laser pointer ban for airplane safety
Lazer pointers are used in attacks on motorists.
Lazer attacks are often waged to cause eye damage.
The majority of laser pointers are for illegal usage.
There is no practical use of laser pointers that can't be replaced.
Scientists and researchers can be exempted from laser ban
News:
The crime is very dangerous.
There will always be people breaking the restrictions.
It is easy to catch people with laser pointers, but it's not easy to catch people using them improperly.
The Government is working to stop black market laser sales.
There is no practical use of laser pointers that can't be replaced.
There are enough alternatives to lasers for self defense.
Laser attacks on aircraft are rare and offenders are charged.
Laser attackers must be exceptional shots to blind pilots
Banning lasers mistreats technology, sets bad precedent
Laser pointers are in popular demand.
Scientist that frequently use lasers oppose a ban
Amateur astronomers use lasers to align telescopes.
Amateur astronomers use lasers to give lectures.
Laser pointers are an important tool for lost hikers.
Business people use lasers to give presentations.
Laser pointers are used in many movies.
Laser pointers are used by photographers and tour guides
Possessing a laser pointer does not necessarily mean using it dangerously.
Jail time is okay, but not up to 14 years in jail.
Ban on lazers is an overreaction; regulation more fair
Many power lasers are already illegal
There are many uses of laser pointers besides causing mischeif.
Laser pointers can be bought easily through the black market.
A laser ban entails a large bureaucracy for enforcement.
Enforcing laser pointer ban is impossible
Blackmarket sales of laser pointers will undermine ban.
Illegal use of lasers (like knives) does not justify ban
Laser pointers are used widely be teachers and lecturers.
There are legitimate uses, and people with permits are still allowed to use lasers.
Laser pointers are a valuable tool for self-defense
