Was Israel justified in seizing the flotilla?
Israel has right to blockade Gaza during conflict
Israel has right to know what enters Gaza during conflict
Lifting Gaza blockade would let weapons in, undermine peace
Israel allows humanitarian goods into Gaza
Israel offered to transport flotilla aid peacefully
Blockade is not causing a humanitarian crisis in Gaza
Hamas is cause of strife in Gaza, not Israel
In conflict with Hamas, raid in international waters was legal
Israeli flotilla raid was act of self-defense
Israel issued warning to Gaza flotilla, which they ignored
Israel could have legally sunk Gaza flotilla for breaking blockade
Intent of Gaza flotilla was not humanitarian, but provoking Israel
Intent of Gaza flotilla was not aid, but provoking Israel
Video confirms flotilla protesters were well armed
Gaza flotilla connected with Hamas/terrorism
Many Gaza flotilla activists desired martyrdom
Israeli commandos acted in self-defense once on Gaza flotilla
Israel miscalculated on flotilla, but acted in self-defense
Protesters initiated violence on flotilla, not IDF.
Israeli troops did not harm Gaza activists on other ships.
Flotilla activists fired weapons and wounded Israelis.
Out-armed Palestinians attacked Israel before, would attack on Flotilla.
Israeli rules of engagement allow firing only when life in danger
Israel flotilla raid was strategic in context of Gaza blockade.
Israel issued the flotilla a warning, which they ignored.
Double standard in outrage over Israeli flotilla raid
Blockade of Gaza is illegal, can't justify flotilla raid
Blockading Gaza actually strengthens Hamas' grip
Gaza blockade causes economic and humanitarian suffering
Blockade unjustly prevents building supplies from entering Gaza.
Gaza blockade allows basic aid, but not other important trade
Blockade of Gaza is generally contrary to Israel's interests
Israeli raid in international waters violates i-law
Cease-fire invalidates blockade-justification of war w/ Hamas
Israeli use of force on flotilla was disproportionate.
Israeli raid on flotilla was aggressive; can't be called self-defense
Illegal to seize peaceful supplies during conflict
General statements against Israel's Gaza flotilla raid
Gaza flotilla was humanitarian, raid was unjust
Gaza flotilla was not intending on violent conflict
Activists would have been justified in violence in self-defense.
Israel should have expected Gaza flotilla to react violently
Israeli troops fired first, flotilla reacted in self-defense
Israeli rubber bullets and noise grenades stoked flotilla resistance.
Excessive force was used by Israel once on flotilla.
Cameras of flotilla activists were taken to hide evidence.
Israel's flotilla raid strains its alliances
Raid demonstrates incompetence in Israeli government
Flotilla raid continues overly-violent Israeli mind-set
Israel flotilla raid makes it harder to act on Iran
Israel's raid on Gaza flotilla was a PR disaster
