This House believes that Facebook does more harm than good
Facebook news feeds generally makes people feel exposed and invaded:
Many Facebook users don't understand the privacy implications of allowing news feeds (Therefore, News Feed should be an opt-in rather than an opt-out function)
Social networking sites give too great of access and control to governments.
Not all information is disclosed voluntarily.
Commercial reasons not to promote tight security.
Social networking sites distract from quality interpersonal connections.
Facebook undermines the value of interpersonal relationships.
Facebook causes the harmful spread of gossip.
Social networking sites make it possible to maintain fictional identity.
Facebook suits criminals perfectly.
Social networking sites are a major distraction from learning.
Facebook fosters hate speech.
Inappropriate content is not restricted by age.
Facebook is too interconnected.
Facebook does not provide valuable content.
Facebook exacerbates negative effects of entertainment websites.
A weapon cannot be separated from a murderer.
Facebook enhances stereotypes.
It is unethical for social network sites to use personal information to enable advertisers to better target you as a consumer.
Facebook's news-feed now has an off-switch, giving users the choice to adjust privacy settings.
Public information has a moderating effect on individuals.
Long-distance friendships.
Facebook is a symptom, not a cause.
Information is disclosed and shared voluntarily and based on privacy setting.
Facebook promotes freedom of speech.
Inappropriate content is being reported and removed.
Facebook can be used for educational purposes.
All possible harms are not unique to Facebook.
Facebook does provide valuable information.
Guns don't kill people; people kill people.
Facebook undermines stereotypes.
Social networking sites have agreements that explicitly say that information can be used commercially in any way.
More targeted advertising is of greater value to the consumer.
