Resolved: It is ethical for colleges, parents, or employers to get information about people from social networking websites
Members of social networking sites have significant powers to limit outsider access:
Public viewage has a positive moderating effect on individual contact on and off-line.
Social networking sites provide employers a true impression of a candidate
Facebook can be used very effectively by candidates to showcase themselves to employers:
Companies have Facebook profiles that benefit job-seekers, making the trade-off acceptable for employers to seek information about candidates on these sites.
YouTube: How Facebook Can Help In Your Career Search. Posted November 26, 2007.
Social networks forbid employers from spamming, but not from collecting information.
Parents should try to engage with children on social networking sites.
Parents should be allowed to monitor their children's profiles to protect against child predators.
Parents should monitor their children's profiles to check against cyber-bullies.
Encouraging proper cyber behavior is part of a modern education.
Yes, since children look at porn in their computer.
Sources making this point:
Social network profiles are highly relevant to an applicant's merit for admissions:
Access to more information about candidates makes judgements more accurate and thus more fair overall.
Admish.com is a social networking site for college students and admissions officers.
Universities have the right to look at profiles that are based on university emails:
Privacy is a very important element of the social contract, and helps foster individuality and free expression, but is undermined by the extent of access of these groups.
Facebook reveals no information of relevance to an employer
Employer access to social networking sites can be financially damaging to candidates.
Tim DeMello, owner of the Internet company Ziggs said to CBS news in June 2006
Facebook policy demands a non-commercial use that should prevent employers from using the site for commercial purposes:
Facebook is not a true representation of a candidate, so employers shouldn't base their decisions off of it.
Many Facebook users do not know that employers are watching.
YouTube. November 6th, 2007. Facebook Killed the Private Life
Other YouTube videos making the argument that employers shouldn't be snooping on Facebook:
Trying to regulate children will actually make them more rebellious:
Articles arguing this point:
Admissions officers that search profiles put those without access at a disadvantage.
Admissions officers should not snoop around on profiles that are mostly irrelevant to the application process:
Consent should be required from an applicant for an admissions officer to check out a profile:
Administrators should not make charges based on information obtained from social-networking profiles:
