Should the ground zero mosque be allowed? Is it acceptable?
Ground zero mosque is a discreet 2 blocks from world trade ruins.
First amendment protects right to build ground zero mosque
Banning ground zero mosque would violate sep of church/state
Ground zero mosque might be tasteless, but still must be allowed.
Feelings of 9/11 victims important, but what about Muslims?
Feelings of Muslim 9/11 victims need to be considered as well
9/11 victims are not entitled to make bigoted demands.
Defending mosque honors constitution first responders were protecting.
Park51 only offensive if you think all Muslims responsible for 9/11
Mosque is not new in lower Manhattan; it is simply moving.
Cordoba House is a place of tolerance and integration
Intentions of ground zero mosque developers are pure.
Name Cordoba House is about past period of tolerance
Park51 is a Muslim community center first; mosque second.
Opposing religious buildings is a relic of past eras
If a church was built in Muslim community, nobody would complain
Strip club exists near ground zero; mosque is fine
Rights of American Muslims not subject to tyranny abroad
Ground zero mosque is supported by local residents and board
Ground zero mosque has received support from mainstream groups.
Islam is a religion of peace.
Muslims have peacefully integrated into American society
Assoc. ground zero mosque with terror is like assoc. Christians/KKK.
Ground zero mosque helps bridge gap between West and Muslims.
Opposing ground zero mosque alienates/radicalizes American Muslims
Ground zero mosque is a source of moderate Islamic reform.
Opposing Cordoba House fosters divisions extremists want
Opposing ground zero mosque supports message of US at war w/ Islam.
9/11 highlights need for religious tolerance for ground zero mosque
Park51 is certainly within broad attack zone of ground zero.
Just because it isn´t right on ground zero doesn't mean it's good taste.
Ban ground zero mosque on grounds it does more harm to victims.
Ban ground zero mosque on basis of it as terrorist-recruiting threat.
Developers have right to build ground zero mosque, but should not
Opponents have a right to protest ground zero mosque vigorously.
Religious buildings cancelled in past due to cultural sensitivities
Ground zero mosque disrespects 9/11 victims
Ground zero mosque is generally offensive to memory of 9/11.
Ground zero mosque violates Islamic pledge of sensitivity
Radical Muslims see ground zero mosque as symbol of victory
Building mosques is a symbol of Muslim conquest
Cordoba House is no act of tolerance, but of excess/arrogance
Mosque wrongly uses proximity to ground zero to spread Islam
Radical views underlie the ground zero mosque
Name Cordoba House indicates nefarious intent of mosque
If developers intentions pure, they should be fine finding new site.
Muslims would not tolerate act comparable to ground zero mosque
No mosque at ground zero as long as no churches in Saudi Arabia.
Many hypothetical religious sites internationally would be offensive.
Ground zero mosque has angered and offended many New Yorkers.
Islam is a religion of violence and conquest.
Radical Islam was cause of 9/11; ground zero mosque is offensive.
Many Muslims supported 9/11; ground zero mosque is offensive
Ground zero mosque will agitate US-West relations.
Opposing ground zero mosque is part of war on radical Islamism.
