Is the US justified in unilaterally striking targets in Pakistan?
Terrorists easily move along the borders between Pakistan and Afghanistan.
Abu Laith al-Libi, the Libyan Al Qaeda leader behind the 2007 assassination attempt on Vice President Cheyney, is an example of a terrorist who freely moved across the border.
Pakistan seems unwilling to cooperate with the United States.
Pakistan is not doing enough to combat terrorism
The US must unilaterally intervene since Pakistan is not doing enough to find Bin Laden
The Pakistani government may allow for unilateral US strikes if Musharaff feels incapable of solving the terrorist threat.
The Pakistani government should tolerate a unilateral US capture of Bin Laden, if the intelligence is fleeting.
The Pakistani people would view unilateral strikes in a good light.
Military aid is given to the Pakistani government, causing the people to be angry.
Aid will cause negative results among the Pakistani people.
U.S. military aid is currently wasted in Pakistan.
What if extremists come into power?
Weapons could fall into the hands of extremists.
Barack Obama, US Presidential Candidate, said in a 2007 speech to the Woodrow Wilson International Centre for Scholars in Washington
It is not clear that Osama Bin Laden exists in Pakistan.
Unilateral action is not appropriate, given that Pakistan is a key ally in the war on terror.
The Pakistani people do not support terrorists and the Taliban.
A unilateral US attack inside Pakistan would be strongly opposed by Pakistan
A unilateral US strike would undermine Musharaff's legitimacy.
The Pakistani people would act virulently.
The Pakistani public would view a US unilateral strike as an invasion
A unilateral US strike would violate the Pakistani movement to sovereign democracy.
We have to be on the side of the Pakistani people.
We can do that using the leverage of aid to induce democracy.
A unilateral strike is unnecessary; military aid will help the Pakistani government solve the issue internally.
Misuse of US military aid is partly the blame of the United States and can't justify unilateral US action there
The situation with Pakistan is globally non unique.
Pakistan's government will never fall into the hands of extremists.
Nuclear Weapons are safe.
New Mexico Governor Bill Richardson
