Was the US-Indian nuclear deal justified? Should it move forward?
US-India nuclear deal forges a strategic partnership
Nuclear deal is justified by India and USA being largest democracies.
The US and India have a history of peaceful nuclear relations.
US nuclear industry would benefit from nuclear deal with India.
Nuclear deal helps India meet rapidly growing energy demand
Nuclear energy will cleanly meet India's growing energy demands
Deal will help India modernize its nuclear energy plants.
US can supply India with high technology that will help it modernize.
Nuclear deal places safeguards on India's existing plants
India's history of non-proliferation and nuclear safeguards is unique
US-India nuclear deal shows India is a responsible nuclear power
US-India nuclear deal rewards India's past safeguards, encourages future ones.
The NPT was already doomed; US-India nuclear deal is not responsible for killing it.
The US-India nuclear deal helps protect both countries from China.
US-India nuclear deal was rushed and imposed top-down.
Nuclear deal with India distracts US diplomatic resources.
Nuclear deal could backfire if India becomes a foe of the US.
Nuclear power would provide India with relatively little energy
There are more cost-effective alternatives to nuclear power for India.
US-India deal does not restrict the number of nuclear weapons produced.
US-India deal does not cap or limit Indian fissile material production.
Safeguards apply only to fissile materials produced after the agreement.
US-India deal does not create safeguards in perpetuity.
US-India nuclear safeguards are conditioned only on the continuous supply of fuel.
Sending nuclear fuel to India frees its own uranium for more bombs.
India said its nuclear program was peaceful until first bomb test (1974).
US-Indian nuclear deal undermines non-proliferation efforts
A US-India nuclear deal will gut the NPT.
India is less interested in deterring China than cooperating with it economically.
India is not interested in being a US-counterweight against China.
Giving India nuclear aid could spark a harmful rivalry with China.
India want to cooperate with China and deter it with nuclear weapons.
US-India nuclear deal alienates Pakistan (does not have a deal).
US-India nuclear deal heightens India-Pakistan nuclear tensions.
US-India nuclear deal could break Pakistan-US relations.
US-India nuclear deal could cause Pakistan to seek similar deal elsewhere.
