Should the estate tax be permanently repealed?
Exemptions, credits, deductions lower effective estate tax rate
Double taxation hardly occurs with the estate tax
Step-up eliminates capital gains tax from estate tax
Small businesses and farms are unaffected by estate tax
Wealthy Americans owe a special debt captured by estate tax
Repealing estate tax would cost govt significant revenues
Repealing estate tax would negatively affect social programs.
Estate Tax has negligible effect on wealthy savings rate.
Estate tax encourages hard work and income generation.
Charitable givings would fall if estate tax banned
Republicans generally favor banning the Estate Tax.
Key Republican Senators supporting repealing estate tax:
Sen. Charles Grassley (R-Iowa), Senate Finance Committee Chairman,
Senator Jon Kyl, Republican of Arizona
Key Democratic Senators supporting repealing the estate tax:
Max Baucus (D-MT), ranking Democrat on the Finance Committee
2004 mid-term elections gave rise to Republicans supporting ban.
A March, 2005 BNA Poll
Frank Luntz poll 2005
Farmers:
Small business owners:
American Family Business Institute
Prominent economists in support of banning the estate tax:
Ed Prescott
Martin Feldstein
Gary Becker
Jeff Miron
Heirs to the Mars Inc. fortune joined in 1992 with a number of other wealthy families
60 Plus Association
Book Death By A Thousand Cuts, by Michael Graetz and Yale political scientist Ian Shapiro chronicles the estate tax repeal movement.
The Estate Tax is double taxation
Estate Tax unfairly harms farmers and small businesses
Estate tax is an unjust tax on wealth rather than income
The Estate Tax is too progressive.
Unfair to over-tax individuals for building nest egg
US estate tax is large compared to other countries.
Repealing Estate Tax offers significant stimulus.
Estate tax reduces personal savings and economic health
Costs of repealing estate tax would be minimal.
Cost of compliance with estate tax greater than revenue
Estate tax deters individuals from investing money
Estate tax increases cost of capital
Estate tax raises interest rates on home loans.
Senate has consistently denied floor-voting on bills to repeal estate tax.
Dems consistently oppose repealing the Estate Tax:
Key Democratic Senators backing estate tax:
Charles Schumer (D-NY)
Republicans that have supported the estate tax or opposed its repeal:
John McCain of Arizona
George V. Voinovich of Ohio
Lincoln Chafee of Rhode Island
Olympia Snowe of Maine
Susan M. Collins from Maine
Robert F. Bennett of Utah
Mitch McConnell of Kentucky
The effect of the ban on the deficit is cited as the primary concern among Senators.
Evidence that public opinion shifted by 2006 to support for the Estate Tax:
Warren Buffet
Bill Gates, Sr.
OMB Watch
