Should incest between consenting adults be legal?
Incest has same potential for power-abuse as other relationships
Incest law should not be framed by bad-apple scenarios.
Consensual adult incest should not be confused with abusive incest
Consenting adults have a right to engage in incest
State has no role in private sexual affairs such as incest
Incest is taboo without a clear rationale as to why
Incest must be harmful not just immoral to be banned
Citizens must tolerate immorality such as incest.
Incestuous couples have a right to follow their own morals.
Incest is actually not universally abhorred
Evolutionary emotions against incest don't make it immoral
That incest is unnatural does not make it immoral
Incest is found in the animal kingdom, so is natural.
We all descend from common relatives, so all sex is incest
Many things are bad for the family, but not banned like incest
Adult incest can occur after family years
Incest does not affect other families.
Marriage is a contract with little sanctity for incest to violate
Incest ban is inappropriate tool
Confusing laws for married incestuous couples show flaws of ban
Risks for children of incest are tolerably low
Hereditary risk of incest are same as some other couples
Genetic screening undermines risk argument against incest
Incest is not easily determined as cause of defect.
Incestuous relationships could be legal, but ban reproduction
Legality of incest cannot rely on whether couples reproduce
Sex is for pleasure as much as reproduction; incest is OK.
Incestuous couples love one another the same as other couples
Legalization would not increase incest.
Incest cannot be successfully banned
Sending law-abiding incestuous couples to prison looks bad.
Incestuous minority deserves protections.
Legal incest affords existing couples better treatment/aid.
Outlawing incest opens slippery slope to other prohibitions
Bible supports incest and embraces its practice
Religion should have no role in incest law
Banning adult incest is analogous to banning homosexuality.
Legal gay marriage sets precedent for incest marriage
Offspring of first-cousins have a low chance of defects
Incest frequently involves abuse of power in family relationships
Legalization of incest would encourage patriarchal abuse
Legalizing incest increases the risks of abuse.
Adults taught incest as children cannot fully consent
Consenting adults have no right to engage in harmful incest.
Magnitude of moral abhorrence of incest justifies ban.
Inbreeding is immorally bad for society over time.
Incest wrongly impairs natural human evolutionary progress
Incest taboo is due to evolutionary inclination for variation
Incest undermines the family and its nurturing relationships
Incest laws enable appropriate family intimacy without suspicion.
The state often intervenes in family affairs; incest ban OK.
Incest can seclude people within their family network.
Children of incest are at greater risk of disorders
Inbreeding is increasingly risky and unsustainable over time
Incest is more dangerous than other at-risk reproduction.
Legal incest would add risks on top of other risky mating.
Children of incest are a greater burden on society/taxpayers
Incest offspring suffer from social/moral rejection.
Incest offspring suffer from confusion about their identity.
Sex is for reproduction; incest cannot be only about sex.
Sense of immorality undermines the love between incest couples.
Legalization would approve incest and increase it.
Difficult enforcement is no cause for legalizing incest.
Inbreeding is unsustainable for society, so is bad law.
Legal incest opens slippery slope to legalizing other behavior
Bible condemns incest, supports its moral condemnation
Religion's impact on morals must be considered in incest ban.
Homosexuality is more benign than incest on the family.
Incestuous relationships are more prone to abuse than homosexual ones.
