Should governments legalise all drugs?
Individuals have the right to control their bodies and consume drugs
Drug-use does not directly harm others, so it should be legalized
Drugs can have a beneficial mind-expanding capacity
Many things are harmful to individuals, but aren't made illegal
Legal drug consumption blurs the line drawn against illegal drug consumption
Prohibition also costs lives.
Legalizing drugs is the least bad option
Drug prohibition does not correlate with decreased use
Legalization would change drug consumption from a criminal to a health issue
Legalization of drugs will remove the rebellious glamor of it
The state can tax the sale of legalized drugs and use the revenue for treatment programs
No matter what, deterrence does not work.
Legalization enables measurement of abuser populations.
By legalizing drugs, the state can regulate the sale
Regulated legalization of drugs will improve public health
The state can tax the sale of legalized drugs and use the revenue for treatment programs
There is no contradiction in being pro-legalization yet anti-drug use
Legalizing drugs would eliminate an industry that drives gangs and criminal activities
The state is justified in protecting individuals from their own drug-consumption.
The state is justified in protecting society from drug-users
Cost-benefit analysis.
Drugs are not a free choice.
Attempting to alter with drug-use the God-given human state-of-mind is immoral.
Hedonistic drug-use is morally repugnant.
The negative effects of drug-use make it morally wrong and appropriate for governments to ban.
Legalization would send the wrong message that drug-use is acceptable.
Lower prices due to legalization of drugs will increase consumption
The legalization of drugs will increase consumption
No deterrence.
Forbidden fruit concept is nonsense.
There is no such thing as a safe drug (regulated by the state).
We have to look at there evidence of times that this has been attempted
It is unfair to tax one product differently than another.
It is wrong for governments to obtain tax-revenue from immoral behavior.
If taxes are too high, they are ineffective,
An immoral drug-trade should be confined to criminal-agents rather than governments.
In the short term it might eliminate drug dealers on our streets but do any of us really think that whatever multinational corporation ends of cornering the drug market will have a problem trading with the existing cartels
