Is an international ban on landmines justified? Should the USA and other non-signatories join?
Landmines indiscriminately kill civilians, violate laws of war
The Mine Ban Treaty has saved many lives
Landmines do not respect the cessation of conflict.
Human cost of landmines outweighs any military benefits
War involves civilian casualties, but landmines are egregious.
General statements in favor of a land ban treaty
US and others have securely gone w/o mines for years
The usefulness of landmines is significantly over-represented
A combination of weapons can substitute for landmines
Landmines kill soldiers and limit mobility of military planting them
International norm against mines means no country is disadvantaged.
Deterrence prevents North Korea from invading South Korea (not mines)
Mines are not essential to deterring N. Koreans
North Korea's tunnel network under DMZ undermines landmines.
Mines in DMZ controlled by S. Korea; unaffected by US joining
Landmines are not protecting US troops as first line of defense
S. Korea military superior to N. Korea; mines unnecessary
Landmines inhibit a counter-attack into North Korea
Landmines in N. Korea are a threat to civilians
By not signing Ottawa Treaty, US encourages landmine use
US undermines its image by not signing Mine Ban Treaty
Mine ban treaty easy if Obama committed to nuclear disarmament
Mine Ban Treaty does not ban anti-tank mines.
Smart mines can't differentiating between civilians and soldiers
Deploying smart mines encourages the use of all mines
Only US uses smart mines, so it's irrelevant to international law
Not all smart mines will work as designed.
War-time use of landmines hampers post-war reconstruction.
Landmines provide a false sense of security:
A ban can be enforced slowly over time.
Landmines kill animals.
Landmines serve a humanitarian purpose by deterring war
Landmines can be deployed judiciously with 0 risk to citizens
Landmines serve a defensive purpose.
Landmines may kill civilians, but so do other weapons of war.
Geneva Conventions regulates use of landmines; ban is excessive.
General statements in favor of preserving land mines.
Land mines are effective at containing military threats.
Landmines help defend large swaths of territory at little cost.
Land mines are an important option to maintain.
Landmines can protect peacekeepers.
Nations will have to develop larger armies if they can't deploy landmines.
Only thing between the gun and the bird
Defending against North Korean blitzkrieg requires landmines
Landmines in Korea would slow down invasion, thin enemy ranks
Landmines in Korea would force attackers into vulnerable territory.
W/o mines more US troops would be needed in South Korea
Casualties in repelling N. Korean invasion would be higher w/o mines
Landmines in the Korean DMZ do not threaten civilians
Removing landmines from the DMZ harder than no new mines.
Korea is the sole exception requested by US to mine ban
The US has already signed a landmine treaty.
Geneva Conventions regulates use of landmines; ban is excessive.
US policy actively combats landmines.
Smart mines address most arguments against landmines
Mine Ban Treaty fails to distinguish between different kinds of mines.
Smart mines almost never fail to self-destruct
Efforts to clear landmines should be improved, instead banning them.
Banning landmines disadvantages smaller countries.
The ban has an asymmetric effect.
DMZ is literally the most wild area
