Should marriage to more than one person be legal?
The idea that a man can love only one women is artificial and false
Polygamy reduces the impulse to adultery and resulting divorces
Polygamy is O.K. as long as multi-partner relations of all kinds are also allowed.
Polygamy can't undermine marriage any more than it is undermining itself
Polygamous families are more dynamic and nurturing of diverse interests
Polygamy counters loneliness associated with small two-parent families
Polygamy is not about sex, but about strong and stable families.
Polygamy helps ensure that fathers stick around for their children
Polygamy is common in the animal kingdom; why not in humans?
Polygamy is common in some apes; from which humans descended
Polygamy's long and widespread history suggest it has merit
Men have an inherent desire to have many wives and multiply.
Polygamy reduces the impulse to adultery and resulting divorces
Polygamy ensures men don't shirk commitments to those they have sex with
Polygamy is an empowering lifestyle for women
Polygamous families provide women with an ideal support network
Polygamy provides wives with a sisterhood of life-long friends
Polygamous women can choose the right husband, even if he is married
Polygamy is not about increasing sex for men, but security for women
Polygamous women can scrutinize married men in action before marrying
Polygamous wives have security of husbands not having to divorce to re-marry
Polygamy is only appropriate when a man can provide for more than one wife
Larger polygamous families are greater financial support networks
Many women join polygamous families to climb the social ladder.
Anti-polygamy police raids traumatize children.
Legalization will allow polygamist to send children to mainstream education.
Any problems with polygamous couples can be remedied.
Polygamy undermines the traditional institution of marriage.
Polygamy wrongly promotes patriarchal principles in society
Polygamous men cannot reciprocate equally the love they receive from their wives.
Polygamy sacrifices love between mates to other considerations
Polygamy leaves some men with no women to marry; socially destabilizing
Large polygamous families generally enjoy lower quality of life
Polygamous family dynamics are complicated and unstable
Polygamy does nothing to reduce the impulse toward adultery outside of the household.
Polygamy allows men to avoid controlling their sexual impulses
Polygamy leaves some men with no women to marry; socially destabilizing
With a lower availability of women, polygamy creates bitter competitions between men
Polygamous men are strained in managing household complexities
Polygamist priests convince women that God made them inferior
Polygamy ordains men to dominate and abuse wives
Polygamy is abusive in depriving women of the right to consent (above).
Polygamy is abusive in depriving women of many individual rights (above).
Polygamy makes individual wives feel that they are insufficient
Polygamy is traumatizing and depressing for wives
Polygamy causes jealousy and competition between wives
Polygamous men cannot reciprocate equally the love they receive from their wives.
Polygamous women do not receive a fair commitment from their husbands
Older wives suffer when new wives enter a polygamous marriage
Competition between wives for husband's attention erodes the sisterhood
Polygamy fosters the spread of venereal diseases
Polygamy leaves women sexually unsatisfied and prone to adultery
Legalizing polygamy will cause all women to worry about husbands pursue new wives
Polygamous fathers can't give their children adequate attention
The children of older wives suffer when new wives enter a polygamous marriage
Polygamy subjects children to an environment of rivalry and insecurity
Polygamy forces children into a life they often don't want.
Polygamy is not equivalent to gay marriage in nature
Recognizing polygamy would cause a host of legal problems.
