Does pornography offer a valuable public service?
Porn can inspire and educate for better sex.
Porn along with controlled masturbation improves performance.
Porn improves self-control with distance from sex.
Porn can serve as a (partial) substitute for sex life.
Pornography does not count as adultery.
Porn is no substitute for gratification of relationships.
Porn strokes the ego of the viewer.
Porn provides knowledge that builds confidence.
Pornography is good for economic mobility.
Pornography lets women articulate femininity.
Pornography does not denigrate/harm women.
Porn creates good paying jobs for men and women.
Porn generates money for the economy.
Pornography does not make watchers more aggressive.
Porn helps men sublimate impulses toward rape
Rape will exist with or without pornography.
Rape has existed before the invention of pornography.
Porn watching may actually reduce rape rates
Pornography is an expression falling under freedom of speech.
Outlawing pornography infringes on minorities' free speech.
Porn creates interesting/stimulating controversy.
Ordinary sex can rarely live up to pornography
Porn weakens libido and contributes to impotency
Porn makes women seem less attractive to men
Porn leaves men feeling empty and upset with themselves.
Watching pornography can amount to adultery
Porn degrades human romance to mere sex.
Pornography increases likelihood of breakup/divorce
Pornography normalizes aberrant sexual behavior
Pornography encourages promiscuity and shallow relationships.
Modern porn increasingly crosses fantasy-reality boundary
Porn only serves to fill a void in people's hearts.
Porn is akin to a drug addiction
Pornography degrades women.
Porn makes women less confident of meeting expectations
Porn-watching is one-sidedly dominated by men.
Pornography is physically harmful toward female bodies.
Porn leads women down destructive/futureless path.
Porn helps men get even with women for unfulfilled fantasies.
Many rapists are obsessed with and encouraged by pornography
Violent pornography encourages violence against women.
Porn addiction escalates into increasingly aberrant acts
Pornography further victimizes sexual abuse victims.
Porn not victimless; limited free speech protections.
Porn often connected with organized crime/enslavement.
Debate over merits of porn usually don't relate to ban.
