This House believes that downloading music and films from the Internet should be prohibited
Nothing is perfect, but we should give it a try.
Downloading equals stealing intellectual property.
Most countries adhere to the Berne Convention for the Protection of Literary and Artistic Works
Unregulated downloading violates copyright laws.
Downloading equals lost tax revenue.
Downloading harms artists.
Downloading disincentives creativity and innovation.
Downloading impedes economic growth.
The only way for the musicians to survive is to sign a record deal.
The music business provides millions of jobs that are threatened by unregulated downloading.
Online free file-downloads have damaged legitimate sales.
Unregulated file-sharing could reduce the appeal and quality of related industries.
The media industry might have to compensate for a lack of sales by raising prices of goods.
Downloading equals lost revenues.
Downloading does not help less well-known artists.
Music itself cannot make much money,
The prohibition sends the right message.
Downloading is a crime.
Downloading equals inferior quality.
Downloading troubles consumers.
Ban is vital for preserving variety.
It is not possible to regulate the distribution of copyrighted works
Definition of crime is derived from our values.
As soon as something is released into the public realm, it is, by definition, shared.
Trading Mp3 files is not like stealing a CD from a store.
Downloading is like taking a photo of a famous painting.
Downloading stimulates exploratory listening and purchases:
Downloading allows for pre-purchase sampling:
Studies finding no negative economic effect from file-sharing
The only artists making money off record royalties (receiving money from every copy sold) are the extremely popular ones that already have a lot of money anyway
Music sales are actually up as a result of file-sharing/downloading.
Massive copying has been occurring for a long time with little impact:
Artists barely get a fraction of the profits of CDs sold.
Bands have many alternative sources of revenue (touring/live concerts/merchandising).
Any decline in sales could be attributed to an under-performing economy opposed to file-sharing.
According to The Effect of File Sharing on Record Sales by Felix Oberholzer-Gee (Harvard professor) and Koleman Strumpf, p2p services could actually work as marketing tools for the music industry.
Downloading helps promote less well-known artists.
Downloading has blossomed a creative industry:
Artists can make money even without the ban.
Music is supposed to be about expression and not about record sales.
Downloading equals free entertainment and education.
Downloading fosters creativity.
Art belongs to the society.
