Should the US government fund embryonic stem cell research?
Embryonic stem cells have extraordinary potential in treatments of all kinds
Other benefits for the future:
The health and social impact that some maintain would result from findings of a treatment and cure for the below ailments and diseases
A cure for diabetes would have a massive social impact
The current cost of Alzheimer's disease to American society, which some sources argue would be eliminated through the discovery of a cure through stem cell research:
Potential medical benefits claimed to exist beyond transplant therapies and treatments:
Drug Development:
Gene therapy can be improved by using stem cells
Stem cells are being used to diagnose disease in a process called Preimplantation Genetic Diagnosis
Helping the understanding of human biology and disease processes, and the development of drugs therefore:
Countering high costs - market forces and the elimination of downstream costs will make treatments affordable to individuals and the government:
Other proposed strategies that could reduce the costs substantially and that would widen the potential benefits of stem cell research:
Both adult stem cell and embryonic stem cell research should be pursued equally aggressively because they both have unique characteristics and possible applications
Adult stem cells have certain drawbacks that make embryonic stem cell research greater in potential
The Orlic and NIH 2001 tests were not repeatable, reducing the credibility of the claim that certain adult stem cell can help repair heart tissue:
Life can only begin in the womb, not in a laboratory, making the destruction of embryos that never existed in the womb acceptable.
Some of them have used Genesis 2:7 to support this claim:
Life only begins when humans take their first breath, claiming that a destruction of an embryo or fetus before this point is not the destruction of life:
Ezekiel 37:1-10
See the ABC's of Abortion's extended list of biblical passages used by pro-abortionists to argue that life begins only at birth
Jonathan Sarfati writes that in Senators use Bible for lessons on life in stem cell debate, The Greenville News, 7/19/01 Zitmer, A.
Some supporters of research ask, if destroying an embryo is murder then why isn't it outlawed - that it is highly unlikely that it will be outlawed and that the private funding of the destruction of embryos for research continues unabated may undermine the argument that it is murder:
The vast majority of the 400,000 frozen embryos in the United States will either be stored indefinitely or destroyed at some point - thus they should be used for stem cell research:
The parents of at least 11,000 of these 400,000 embryos have given explicit permission for their embryos to be made available for stem-cell research
The Senate gave clear support for allowing research on these embryos
Sen. Arlen Specter (R-Pa.) bill would have given direct federal funding to using these embryos for research
General assessments that the 'presidential' stem cell lines available for research under federal funding are inadequate for substantial progress in stem cell research:
Bush 'Out of Touch' on Stem Cells BBC 7/20/06
Argument that the 'presidential lines' are difficult to keep alive:
Claim that the 60 'presidential' lines are commonly rejected by the human immune system, undermining their potential in treatments:
Claim that the 'presidential' lines are inadequate because they lack variety, which is important to developing a diversity of treatments:
In general, Democratic states tend to support stem-cell research.
New Jersey:
California:
Arnold Schwarzenegger
Connecticut:
Delaware:
Florida:
Illinois:
Maryland:
Missouri: Republicans, including Gov. Matt Blunt
Missouri November, 2006 stem-cell research funding proposition - passed by a margin of 51% to 49%:
Montana:
Tennessee - nearly split:
Virginia:
Other states that have expressed interest in providing funding for research:
The Senate passed the Stem Cell Research Enhancement Act in July, 2006 (63 to  37)
May 26, 2005:
Senators supporting federal funding:
Senator Orrin Hatch.
Senator Bill Frist.
Sens. Barbara A. Mikulski (D-Md.)
Paul S. Sarbanes (D-Md.)
John W. Warner (R-Va.)
The House passes a bill on May 24, 2005 that would have eased President Bush's restrictions on federal funding for stem-cell research.
Polls show a majority of American support for funding for research:
CNN/USA Today/Gallup poll, August 2005
February, 2005 poll by Results for America
A June 2004 poll conducted by Opinion Research Corp.
2004 Harris Interactive poll - Christian support:
The above polls seem to correlate with other polls finding American public support for the Roe v. Wade decision:
Interest and activist groups supporting federal funding for all kinds of stem cell research, including embryonic stem cell research:
Alliance for Stem Cell Research
The California Institute for Regenerative Medicine
Christopher Reeve Foundation
Coalition for the Advancement of Medical Research
StemcellPAC
International Society for Stem Cell Research
Bill Clinton:
Michael Bloomberg
Bill Gates
Christopher Reeve:
Michael J. Fox:
Brad Pitt:
Christopher Thomas Scott
Some scientists may be over-estimating the benefits in the broader field of stem cell research (not just embryonic stem cell research)
There may be major obstacles to stem-cell use in therapy and transplant treatments,
Alzheimers may be insoluble with stem cell treatment
Any social and health benefits may only come in the long-run - 14 years by one estimate:
Some non-stem cell treatment approaches have been growing rapidly, which may reduce the marginal benefit stem cells provide
Stem cells are involved in assisting cancer's proliferation
Price tag may limit potential scope of stem cell treatment, particularly if treatments are individually customized, which may be necessary
Adult stem-cells avoid the moral controversy over the destruction of embryos for research:
Adult stem cells have a capacity to dedifferentiate and then become a wide range of tissues, similar to the wide ranging possibilities of embryonic stem cells:
United States Conference of Catholic Bishops (2001)
Bone marrow stem cells are used to repair heart tissue in November, 2006
According to an NPR program called Defining the Ethics of Stem Cell Research 6/6/06
Chistopher Thomas Scott's Stem Cell Now (2006)
Wolfgang Lillge The Case for Adult Stem Cell Research (2001)
Adult stem cells can be better controlled and targeted to create desired tissues:
Nancy Gibbs, Stem Cells: the Hope and the Hype Time 7/30/06
Adult stem cells taken from patients themselves avoids immune rejection better than embryonic stem cells, and that this could be a more cost effective approach to treatment:
World of Stem Cells Advantages and Disadvantages of Adult Stem Cells over Embryonic Stem Cells
Because adult stem cells are already in clinical use, they may be more practical than embryonic stem cells to move forward with:
Human life begins at conception, when a sperm fertilizes an egg cell, making the destruction of an embryo at any point beyond conception  the destruction of human life:
President George Bush supports this view that life begins at conception
These 400,000 embryonic stem cells are weaker stem cells, devaluing their potential usefulness:
The eventual death of the majority of these 400,000 stem cells is not a justification for destroying these 'lives':
In general, Republican states deny state funding to stem-cell research (most usually embryonic stem-cell research).
States prohibiting stem-cell research on all embryos, regardless of the source.
South Dakota.
States that prohibit funding for embryonic stem-cell research:
Arizona.
States that ban research on embryos created through in vitro fertilization.
Louisiana.
States banning research on cloned embryos:
Michigan
Iowa
Arkansas
North Dakota
Many states have shown interest in additional restrictions or even complete bans on embryonic stem cell research.
California - delayed public funding, possibly indefinitely - lack of will?:
Missouri: Republican state Sen. Matt Bartle
Former Senator Jim Talent (lost in '06 to McCaskill) opposes state funding for research.
Tennessee:
Massachusetts Governor Mitt Romney:
Senate Opposition:
Sen. Rick Santorum (R-Pa.)
House Opposition to funding for all forms of embryonic stem cell research:
Speaker Dennis Hastert (R-IL)
Republican voters mainly support the status quo of limited funding or no funding at all:
Interest and Activist Groups:
The Pro-life (anti-abortion) camp
Do No Harm: The Coalition of Americans for Research Ethics
Focus on the Family
Pope John Paul II:
Mel Gibson
