Are gene patents, particularly related to food and agricultural products, a good idea?
Isolated gene sequences are new, not part of nature
Gene patents do not apply to natural genes
Gene patents are non-obvious.
Gene patents do not give ownership over others' genes
Gene sequencing can be useful and thus can be patented.
Gene sequencing can be novel and thus can be patented.
Gene sequencing can be non-obvious and thus can be patented.
Patents provide incentive for R&amp;D investment in product
Little evidence exists that gene patents hurt research
Gene patents do not offer monopoly power to inventors
Gene patents allow others to use and profit-from invention
Gene patent are a necessary evil.
Gene patents are essential to future of biotech industry
Gene patents help drive major economic breakthroughs.
Many major biotech products have come from patented genes
Genes are part of nature so should not be patented
Gene sequences can be discovered and mapped, but not invented
Genes can be re-ordered, but not invented
Uses of genes may be patentable, but not genes themselves
Genes cannot be owned practically, are part of commons
No certainty that a patented gene sequence is unique to a species
Gene patent monopolies impair research and development
Gene patents impair research on diseases
Patent licenses are very costly, impair R and D
Gene patenting can violate freedom of thought.
Gene patenting invites malicious lawsuits from patent-holders
Gene patents do not incentivize innovation
Gene patents imagine R&amp;D only done by private companies
Gene patents are perverse commercial exploitation of nature.
Gene Patents lead to Human Beings becoming merely properties.
Gene patents are on a road to duplicity.
Gene patents can harm patient care and pricing
Gene patents impair rapid study of spreading diseases
Gene patents harm efforts to tailor medicine to individuals
Gene patents and bio-engineering may harm environment/society.
Gene patents and research could do harm to the environment.
General statements and rulings against gene patents
