Are genetically modified foods (GM foods) beneficial?
There is no evidence that GM foods are unsafe
Millions have been consuming GM foods for some time and are OK.
GM crops can be fortified with vitamins and vaccines
Foods with poisonous allergens can be modified to reduce risks
Conventional foods have always involved genetic tampering
Genetic modification is considered safe in medicine; why not in foods?
GM food products should be judged; process should not be judged.
The anti-GMO principle that genetic tampering is bad is erroneous
GM foods present risks that are tolerable and should be taken.
Concerns surrounding private controls of GM foods can be addressed.
GM crops are more pest-resistant and require fewer pesticides.
GM crops require fewer pesticides; lowers rate of food poisoning.
GM crops require fewer pesticides; keeps water sources clean.
Health risks of GM foods should be weighed against risks of conventional foods.
GM crops require less pesticides; healthier for farmers.
GM crops are easier to manage; less labor needed to spray crops.
GM crops are made disease-resistant, which increases yields
GM crops have lower production costs; higher gross margins
GM crops generate greater wealth for farming communities
The lower crop production costs of GM foods reduce prices
GM crops increase income with less effort; higher living standards.
The use of GM crops increases local research
GM crops can be tailored to local growing conditions.
GM crops can respond better to fertilizer; grow better
GM crops can have a boosted tolerance of drought.
GM food companies are being strangled by opposition, regulation.
GM foods reduce the damage caused by pesticides to wildlife.
GM foods help keep waters clean of pesticides.
GM crops improve yields, lowering land-use; environmentally friendly
GM crops reduce the need for plowing, increase the life of soil and land.
GM crops reduce need for plowing; reduces methane/other emissions.
GM crop production is more efficient, saves energy, cuts emissions.
Many factors combine with GM crops to dramatically reduce emissions.
Environmental risks of GM crops should be weighed against risks of conventional crops.
GM crops can be mismatched with ecosystems, as can conventional crops.
GM animals can be made sterile.
GM animals are designed to be food,not breeding machines.
GM foods help meed nutrition deficiencies of poor countries.
GM crops can combat specific nutrient deficiencies in the third-world
Developing countries already benefit from transgenic crops.
Multinational do not exploit their crop patents.
GM foods are essential to responding to global food shortages
GM foods are important to supplying growing populations/demand
GM food meets threat of growing demand on less land
GM crops are more reliable, creating a more stable supply of food.
GM cotton, maize, soya, and others have been global successes.
Anti-GM protesters make it difficult to access/assess benefits.
Over-precaution with GM foods makes risk assessments difficult
GM crop production has been hampered by opposition, regulations.
A 2000 report by seven major scientific bodies supported GM foods.
People do not oppose random mutation,
There are many instances of GM foods proving dangerous
Even if GM foods are safe, they are wrong on other grounds.
The precautionary principle needs to be applied to GM food safety.
GM food safety tests by biotech companies can be trusted.
Relying on scientists who favor GM foods undermines democratic processes.
GM foods are hazardously controlled by unaccountable corporations
GM crops may require more pesticides in the long-run.
GM crops are often problematic and less productive.
GM food patents favor large corporations and monopolies.
GM agriculture threatens the viability of traditional farming communities.
Farms accidentally obtaining GM crops have to pay fines to multinationals.
GMO corporations force farmers to buy seeds each year.
GM crops mix with native plants and reduce genetic diversity
GM crops violate the Convention on Biological Diversity (CBD).
Corporate control over GM foods threatens food security in poor countries
GM foods will jeopardize the jobs of farmers in poor countries.
GM foods undermine the ability of poor countries' to feed themselves.
Poor countries should be encouraged to invest in sustainable agriculture.
An alternative is to direct aid into agroecology in poor countries.
Encouraging poor nations to develop is more helpful than GMOs
Poor countries are exploited as dustbins for failed GMO experiments.
GMOs solve wrong problem; access, not shortages, is the problem
Corporate control over GM foods threatens food security in poor countries
Agroecology and sustainable agriculture are suitable alternative to GMOs.
Dr Abrahams
Opposition to GM foods is widespread, and it should be respected.
