Are medical marijuana dispensaries a good idea?
Marijuana dispensaries are not drug rings
Medical marijuana dispensaries are professional institutions
Marijuana dispensaries should be regulated, but allowed
Marijuana is natural; dispensaries should be allowed
Marijuana dispensaries are key to enabling pain relief
Crime outside of dispensaries no different then outside banks
Crime surrounds many shops; should not stop dispensaries.
Medical marijuana is unrelated to crime that surrounds dispensaries.
Raids on marijuana dispensaries have collateral damage
Marijuana dispensaries will exist whether legal or not.
Marijuana dispensaries will create many jobs
Marijuana is an effective medicine and treatment for many illnesses
Medical benefits of marijuana outweigh potential risks
Marijuana can provide patients with significant pain relief
Allowing medical marijuana shows compassion to the suffering
General statements in favor of medical marijuana
State should not override physician judgement on marijuana
Marijuana is a safer alternative to many medications
Marijuana is homeopathic alternative to pharmaceutical drugs
Marijuana is a good alternative medicine to suit individual needs
Marinol is an inadequate alternative to marijuana for some treatments
Smoked marijuana has advantages over chemical break-downs
Marijuana improves immune system functions in patients with HIV
Marijuana can help treat bipolar disorders:
Marijuana can curb psychotic symptoms in people with schizophrenia
It is a myth that marijuana use can cause schizophrenia
Marijuana helps the terminally ill cope with their ebbing life.
The benefits of marijuana for the terminally ill outweigh risks
Marijuana might have some toxicity, but so do other drugs.
The health risks of smoking marijuana are relatively minor
Marijuana is only unhealthy or risky when abused.
There is no evidence that marijuana decreases cognitive functions
Marijuana is no more harmful than tobacco and alcohol
Marijuana can have a beneficial mind-altering effect if used right
Weighing marijuana's mind-expansion against its costs is subjective.
Marijuana is not addictive
Due to low addiction rates, marijuana is good for medical use.
Individuals have right to pursue what they believe are best treatments.
State should not override doctor-patient decisions on marijuana
People should be free to use marijuana as long as it harms no one else
The choice to use marijuana should be based on individual experience
Illegal medical marijuana forces sufferers to purchase on the black market.
Legalizing medical marijuana is not legalizing recreational use
Medical marijuana is usually not seriously abused
Potential for abuse should not halt legitimate marijuana use.
Doctors should be trusted to check abuse of medical marijuana
There is little evidence that Marijuana is a gateway drug
Legalizing medical marijuana does not increase use and abuse
Legalizing medical marijuana will reduce state spending.
Legalizing medical marijuana will increase state revenue.
More money for other sectors
Marinol pills can be prescribed; Marijuana is unnecessary
Medical marijuana prescriptions are often fraudulent
Whole marijuana dispensaries are excessive; pharmacies better.
Medical marijuana dispensaries can hurt surrounding businesses.
Marijuana is not an effective drug for treating illnesses
Evidence is too inconclusive on medicinal value of marijuana
Unhealthy effects of Marijuana outweigh medical benefits
Legalizing medical marijuana opens door to bad definitions of pain.
General statements against medical marijuana
Health policy on marijuana should not be decided by individual doctors.
There are less dangerous, equally effective alternatives to marijuana
Marinol is a good substitute for marijuana treatment
Smoking marijuana is more damaging than taking chemical parts
Marijuana damages the immune system; risky for HIV/AIDS sufferers
There are psychological consequences to smoking marijuana.
Cannabis causes higher rates of depression and anxiety problems.
Alternatives to marijuana should be used to ease the terminally ill
Smoking marijuana is generally very unhealthy
Marijuana smoke is highly damaging to the lungs
Smoking marijuana impairs the immune system
Marijuana use increases the risk of psychosis
Marijuana impairs brain functions
Marijuana smoke is highly damaging to the lungs
Marijuana use impairs hormone production
Marijuana use has been linked to various birth challenges
That marijuana is herbal does not mean it is safe
Marijuana use can lead to cancer
Marijuana is addictive
Repeated use of marijuana leads to psychological cravings for it.
The State is justified in protecting individuals from themselves
Marijuana use directly threatens other's liberties.
Marijuana's public health costs violate tax-payer liberties.
Legalizing medical marijuana would make roads more dangerous.
Marijuana is not a threat to society only because it is illegal
Medical marijuana will be abused by druggies
Marijuana is a gateway drug
Medical marijuana can act as a gateway drug to harder ones
Legalizing medical marijuana may cause crime and safety problems
Legalizing medical marijuana normalizes drug, increases use
Medical marijuana should not be allowed just to grow state revenue
