Has the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA) been beneficial? Is it a model?
NAFTA fast track authority is necessary to bypass a non-acting congress
Economic liberalisation doesn't necessarily cause democratic progression
NAFTA has improved the GDP of the United States
NAFTA has increased the number of American jobs
American wages have not been harmed by NAFTA
Free trade increases the purchasing power of consumers
NAFTA has benefited the Mexican economy
Mexican leaders have cited NAFTA's benefits
NAFTA brought in a flood of foreign investment for Mexico
NAFTA has stimulated democratic reform and opened markets in Mexico.
NAFTA has increased living standards in Mexico.
NAFTA helps states recover from crisis (i.e. Peso crisis).
Economic liberalisation doesn't necessarily cause democratic progression
Multilingual labeling broadens product appeal
NAFTA benefits businesses by exposing them to competition and forcing them to adapt and improve:
NAFTA's existence encourages free trade globally
Efficiency gains should be generated:
NAFTA is good for the environment
NAFTA helps control the exploitation of Mexico's poor intellectual property laws
NAFTA's enforcement of drug patents harms poor drug consumers.
Trade, using economic theory, results in the distribution of wealth:
Results from surveys suggest popular opinion:
Free trade undermines democratic processes
NAFTA has caused job loss in America
Retraining workers that lose from free trade is costly
Workers who lose their jobs to free trade earn less in the new jobs they find
Companies that out-source cheaper labor aren't investing enough in innovation
A trade deficit has been created as a result of NAFTA:
NAFTA has harmed Mexican jobs
Increased supply has reduced the price that the farmers recieve and thus threatened livlihoods:
NAFTA caused rioting by farmers who could not cope with new competition.
NAFTA creates the problem of multilingual labeling on goods and products
NAFTA's enforcement of drug patents harms poor drug consumers.
NAFTA creates new patent rules that raise medicine prices.
NAFTA undermines national sovereignty and control of interests
NAFTA threatens health food safety standards
NAFTA subjects businesses to greater competition and challenges.
NAFTA puts small businesses and farms out of business.
NAFTA and other FTAs make multilateral free trade agreements more difficult to construct
It is possible that there is trade elitism within the trading bloc and therefore less trade with the rest of the world.
Lack of diversity
NAFTA is bad for the environment
NAFTA creates a two tier trade system where North Americans have an advantage.
NAFTA incentivizes the exploitation of poor labor laws in Mexico
NAFTA's enforcement of drug patents harms poor drug consumers.
There is massive opposition to NAFTA in all three countries, which shows the potential danger.
NAFTA was intended to reach the Free Trade Area of the Americas Agreement and the posposal of this seems to suggest little public support for trade acts in general:
