Were Russia or Georgia's actions in the 2008 South Ossetia war legitimate?
Russia's humanitarian intervention was justified to protect Russians
Russia sent troops to Georgia to defend its peacekeepers
Russian blockade of arms reaching Georgia was justified
Russia responded to a humanitarian crisis in South Ossetia
Georgia committed genocide in South Ossetia
Georgia has committed genocide in South Ossetia before.
South Ossetia is de facto independent; Georgia invaded.
Bombing homes and civilians is not Georgia reasserting sovereignty.
South Ossetia should be independent; Georgia should allow.
South Ossetia has a right to self-determination
Over 90% if South Ossetians want independence from Georgia
South Ossetia has as much claim to independence as Kosovo
Georgia was wrong to act militarily (vs. diplomatically) in South Ossetia.
Georgia has been building military forces to attack South Ossetia.
Georgian leadership did not appeal to Russian president
Russia justly sought to end humanitarian crisis before ceasefire.
Russia legally justified in actions in S. Ossetia
The US is culpable in causing the present crisis in Georgia.
Media coverage is biased against Russia.
Georgia has blocked Russia media coverage in South Ossetia.
The US has no oil interests in South Ossetia.
Russia's bombing of South Ossetia has been disproportionate
Russia bombed Georgia beyond South Ossetia
Shellings by South Ossetian separatists provoked Georgia's attack.
Russia aided South Ossetian separatists against Georgia
Russia wrongly attempted to depose democratic Georgian govt
Russia's bombing of Georgian oil fields was disproportionate.
Russia invaded Georgia to reassert its empire
Russia's actions in Georgia cannot be described as humanitarian.
Russia exaggerated the humanitarian crisis in South Ossetia
Russia engaged in ethnic cleansing in Georgia
South Ossetia is recognized as Georgian; Russia invaded Georgia
S. Ossetia's 2006 independence referendum was rejected globally
South Ossetia is unviable as an independent state
South Ossetia has been part of Georgia for centuries.
Kosovo independence was illegitimate so is a bad precedent.
Russian double standard in opposing Kosovo while helping S. Ossetia.
Russia pursued insufficient diplomatic ends before invading Georgia.
Russia has needlessly escalated the conflict with Georgia.
Russia wrongly rejected an initial Georgian ceasefire.
Russia attacked Georgia to halt its NATO membership
The US was justified in backing democratic Georgia.
