Should partial-birth abortion be banned?
The standard process of partial birth abortion is an unnecessarily violent process
An analogy could be appropriately drawn to the methods for conducting capital punishment.
The fetus can feel pain, thus making the processes used in partial birth abortion barbarous.
One cannot kill a child who is more than half born to advance the mother's health instead of simply completing a live delivery.
Banning partial birth abortion does not eliminate a woman's right to choose methods to prevent their impregnation or abort at an earlier stage.
The widespread availability of birth control options provide women with a sufficient choice to determine the future of their bodies.
Pregnancy detection methods and first term abortion options may also be sufficient provisions to women of the means to choose to determine the future of their bodies.
Partial-birth abortion is especially traumatizing for doctors
Partial-birth abortions are performed when fetal tissues are harder to dismember.
Generally, for those that believe that a human life and person is begun upon conception,
Unborn babies that should have the same rights as born babies.
The mother generally considers her fetus to be her unborn baby, waiting to enter the world, assigning it equal value as a born baby.
Some maintain that there is no evidence that partial-birth abortions are safe or are safer than other abortion procedures.
The societal contributions of a potentially valuable human being are wiped out.
Partial birth abortions are uniquely grotesque in the way that they inflict pain on the unborn fetus,
A healthy fetus is equivalent in viability to premature babies, making it important to treat them with equivalent dignity.
Jewish law states
The majority of Americans oppose late term abortions.
The infant's rights begin only after the fetus is removed from the mother's body and its umbilical cord cut.
The collapsing of the skull of the partially born fetus is necessary to prevent pain and the risk of damage to the woman.
A ban on partial birth abortions would stop other even more gruesome forms of late term abortions.
A blanket ban on partial birth abortions may make it impossible to save a woman's life in certain medical circumstances.
A woman has the right to a partial birth abortion when it proven as necessary in preserving the her health.
Certain medical conditions of the baby or mother that threaten the mother's health or life may develop later in a pregnancy making late-term abortion justified as a way to protect the mother's health.
Other common logistical and/or personal reasons might exist that make a first trimester abortion infeasible, and which may provide a sufficient circumstance for a woman to seek a late, partial birth abortion.
Slippery-slope argument that once 'fetal rights' are granted to one stage of the pregnancy, nothing will prevent their extension to all stages, which is argued as going too far.
When abortion is illegal , many women die or suffer serious medical problems from either self-induced or illegal 'back-alley' abortions.
An isolated ban on partial birth abortion would not impose an undue burden on a woman's right to abortion because adequate alternatives are available.
There are certain exceptional cases which have been cited as circumstantially appropriate for a partial birth abortion.
Mother and/or family are impoverished and would not be able to support the new family entrant.
A poor woman may also be more susceptible to late abortions for a variety of reasons.
Women may seek to abort having the child of a batterer.
Responding to rape, a woman seeks and abortion.
Female rape victims may be physically prevented by the rapist from seeking an abortion in the first term.
Impregnated rape victims may be deterred from seeking an abortion at an early stage out of fear of reprisal from the rapist.
Contention that younger and poorer women are much more likely to have partial birth abortions due to lack of resources and information, making a ban on partial birth abortion socio-economically discriminatory.
The facts seem to bear-out the assertion that younger and poorer women are more likely to opt for partial birth abortions.
Contention that partial birth abortion is safe.
It's arguably better for society to have babies aborted than have them be brought up poor and neglected,
Back alley abortions would increase if it were made illegal, leading to increased risk of young women dying or becoming sterile.
One brief mistake can take away a woman's childhood and trap her for life.
Part of the mistake that a girl or woman might have made is not having used sex protection and/or not taking a pregnancy test and seeking an early, first term abortion.
Opposition to partial-birth abortion is part of a strategy by anti-abortionists to ban abortion in general.
A fetus cannot be compared to premature babies.
Adoption is a good option shows a fundamental lack of awareness of what is involved in carrying an unwanted foetus to term.
