Should unregulated distribution of copyrighted works over Internet be allowed?
Online file-sharing allows for more diversity and choice for users
File-sharing allows a consumer to sample music before buying it.
Consumers shouldn't have to buy CD's when they want only one song.
MP3 is an inferior format to FLAC
File-sharing helps artists become discovered by new listeners and consumers:
File-sharing stimulates exploratory listening and purchases:
File-sharing allows for pre-purchase sampling:
Studies finding no negative economic effect from file-sharing
Blank cassette tapes did not lead to economic problems as the industry feared.
The only artists making money off record royalties (receiving money from every copy sold) are the extremely popular ones that already have a lot of money anyway
Music sales are actually up as a result of file-sharing.
Massive copying has been occurring for a long time with little impact:
Music sales have been negatively affected by poorer quality music.
Artists barely get a fraction of the profits of CDs sold.
Bands have many alternative sources of revenue (touring/live concerts/merchandising).
The music industry could develop a viable online business model, but is dragging its heels.
Any decline in sales could be attributed to an under-performing economy opposed to file-sharing.
According to The Effect of File Sharing on Record Sales by Felix Oberholzer-Gee (Harvard professor) and Koleman Strumpf, p2p services could actually work as marketing tools for the music industry.
Open file-sharing has blossomed a creative industry:
Peer to peer networks have many useful applications that shouldn't be shut down to stop music piracy.
As soon as something is released into the public realm, it is, by definition, shared.
File sharing is not necessarily illegal.
MP3s are not a physical thing, so no actual value is lost in file-sharing.
Intellectual property should follow different rules than physical property.
If taping off the radio is legal, then why not trading MP3s?
If sharing with a single friend is ok, then why is sharing with everybody wrong?
Trading Mp3 files is not like stealing a CD from a store.
It is not possible to regulate the distribution of copyrighted works
Suing fans is an ugly irony.
Suing fans doesn't pay artists.
Digital Rights Management on CDs has created unfortunate consequences.
Punishing colleges for student file-sharing can result in higher tuition fees:
Music is supposed to be about expression and not about record sales.
MP3 files could in principle be a good way of promoting unknown artists, but nearly all the music that is shared and downloaded is highly commercial.
The quality of MP3 music is often inferior.
Free file-sharing sites often transmit viruses and ad-ware
Legal online file-sharing services exist at fair value
By downloading music from the Internet one steals money from artists who are struggling to survive in the competitive music world.
Online free file-downloads have damaged legitimate sales.
Unregulated file-sharing could reduce the appeal and quality of related industries.
The media industry might have to compensate for a lack of sales by raising prices of goods.
CDs do not have enough of a comparative advantage in quality to compete against free online music downloads.
The industry is not dragging its heels. Many legitimate online music stores include iTunes and Napster 2.0.
The threat is greater than previous piracy technology because the distribution is practically free.
The recording industry cannot compete against free downloads:
Unregulated file-sharing systems can be used to distribute sensitive materials:
File-sharing undermines the incentives for creativity offered by copyright law:
Creativity will suffer as file-sharing will make fewer willing to take the risk of pursuing a music career.
File sharing is illegal.
Trading MP3s is just like stealing a CD from a store.
Most countries adhere to the Berne Convention for the Protection of Literary and Artistic Works, established in 1886.
The RIAA isn't forcing American laws on the world.
Unregulated file-sharing violates copyright laws.
If the primary purpose of a P2P network is illegal trading, then it should be shut down.
MP3s may not be tangible, but they can be stolen.
Intellectual property laws such as copyrights and patents have existed for hundreds of years.
Difficulties of enforcement do not mean we should abandon copyright laws.
The only way for the musicians to survive is to sign a record deal.
The music business provides millions of jobs that are threatened by unregulated file-sharing.
