Should hydroelectric dams be a part of plans to combat global warming?
Dams cut emissions and fight main crisis: global warming
Steps can be taken to limit Methane emissions from dam reservoirs
Hydropower is a clean alternative to coal.
Hydropower is capable of scaling to fully replace coal.
Hydropower is more proven/reliable than other renewables
Dam hydroelectricity is a renewable energy resource.
Fish ladders allow fish to swim upstream of dams.
Dam reservoirs can actually create fish habitats.
Most animals can adapt to the flooding of land near a river.
Natural floods occur often so a dam-generated flood no big deal.
Dams provide flood control that can protect wildlife and habitats.
Many aquatic species have no problem adapting to impounded waters.
Unconventional hydropower reduces impact on river ecosystem
Hydropower is more cost-effective than other renewables
Dams are economically viable and often highly profitable.
Dams last over a hundred years; good return on investment
Hydropower can easily be turned on and off to meet demand
Dams provide irrigation for farm land
Dams provide flood control that helps protect farms.
Dams supply water and help counter global water shortages
2 billion people lack electricity; dams are a major solution.
Human-rights abuses do not inherently accompany dams.
Human displacement does not inherently accompany dams.
The displacement of humans can be done more sensitively.
Dams are not the only projects that displace people.
Modern dams are virtually 100% safe from collapse.
China's 1975 dam crises should not be used against modern dams.
Reservoirs created by hydropower dams act as recreational areas.
Dams are often viewed as magnificent and beautiful.
The greenness of renewable hydropower is beautiful.
Demolishing dams does not cause rivers to return to normal.
Removing dams can spike Methane emissions
Hydropower has gained political favor in Scotland
Dam reservoirs release large amounts of greenhouse gas Methane
Dams eliminate forests that absorb CO2 from the atmosphere.
Constructing dams burns massive quantities of fossil fuels
The world's rivers are covered with dams; room for expansion is limited.
Industrialized countries have tapped most of their hydropower.
Mass of dam reservoirs has shifted Earth's gravitational field.
Dams are not renewable as they clog rivers over time
Dams can destroy marine fisheries
Flooding from dams can disrupt wildlife populations.
The use of dams in flood control is a bad idea
Big dams can cause damaging earthquakes.
Big dams can lead to coastal erosion.
Dams can flood populated areas and displace people at great cost.
Hydroelectric dams require massive initial capital investments.
Dams can flood farmland at great economic cost.
Dams strip the downstream soil of needed nutrients.
There are better ways to store water than dams.
Dams have displaced millions of people around the world
Human rights abuses frequently accompany big dams
Dams can burst at great cost to human life.
The construction of dams destroys previous recreational opportunities.
Hydropower ruins beautiful landscapes.
Big dams are man-made monstrosities.
Dams are an environmental injustice and should be demolished.
Damming cross-border rivers can cause international disputes.
