Is natural gas a good energy source for the 21st century?
Natural gas can replace fossil fuels that emit more greenhouse gases
Natural gas can smooth transition to renewable energy
Emissions from natural gas can be filtered out
Technology minimizes environmental footprint of natural gas
Natural gas is one of the cheapest ways to go green
Natural gas is abundant and readily available
Abundant natural gas helps lower energy prices
Natural gas is less flammable and explosive than other fuels
Natural gas leaks tend to dissipate, reducing risks.
Natural gas has a strong record of safety
Natural gas safety regulations are very strong
Natural gas mines have sensors and equipment to improve safety.
Natural gas is non-toxic.
Odors added to natural gas to enable human detection
Natural gas vehicles reduce emissions, fight global warming
Natural gas vehicles are commercial viable now
Natural gas vehicle fuel tanks are very strong and safe
Natural gas engines are as efficient as gasoline engines.
Liquefied natural gas can be a good fuel for vehicles.
Natural gas has very diverse applications in the home.
Gas appliances do not create unhealthy electrical fields in the home.
Natural gas is a better source of heat for cooking.
Natural gas is a fossil fuel that worsens global warming
Natural gas will lower fossil fuel prices and increase consumption.
Methane in natural gas is a major contributor to global warming
0-emission renewables are a superior alternative to natural gas
Natural gas supply chain emits substantial greenhouse gases
Natural gas drilling leaves a large environmental footprint
Waste from natural gas extraction jeopardizes water resources
Natural gas is a nonrenewable fossil fuel.
Natural gas is difficult to transport and store.
LNG and CNG are expensive methods of transporting/storing natural gas.
Natural gas leaks are a fire and explosion risk
Odorless natural gas can escape detection risking fire/explosion.
Natural gas can be harmful and even poisonous to ingest
Burning natural gas to heat home contaminates air quality
Odorless natural gas presents greater risk of ingestion.
Natural gas hardly reduces emissions compared to gasoline and diesel.
NGV's may reduce emissions, but still contribute to global warming
0-emissions vehicles superior to natural gas ones
LNG tankers are vulnerable to terrorist attacks.
Natural gas greenhouse emissions outweigh its utility at home.
Natural gas requires a separate and special plumbing system.
