Should plans to fight global warming prioritize solar energy?
Abundant solar energy can replace fossil fuels and slash emissions
Fast growing solar industry can dramatically cut emissions now
Accounting for production energy, solar power still slashes emissions
Producing solar cells need not use fossil fuel energy.
Solar energy does not damage air quality.
Solar power is the most direct form of using the sun's energy.
Solar energy is renewable.
Solar panals can be put in the desert.
Solar energy uses less land than coal
Decentralized solar power does not take up much land.
Deserts are possibly suitable for the deployment of solar farms.
The disposal of solar energy batteries can be regulated.
Long-life of solar energy systems reduce battery disposal.
Solar energy can be stored in ways other than batteries (i.e. hydrogen).
Competitive solar industry is growing exponentially
Many solar energy systems are now price competitive with coal
High oil prices make solar more competitive.
Solar energy is free after the initial investment.
Solar energy is abundant.
The recovery/payback period can be very short.
Solar energy panels can be added to meet growing needs.
Solar energy creates interesting employment opportunities.
Solar electric systems can be tied into electric grid
Solar energy is generated where it is needed.
Solar Energy avoids problems of fuel recovery and transportation.
Solar energy can operate independently.
Tracking mount solar panels can solve the problem of the sun's positioning.
Solar farms can supply electricity to cities but exist elsewhere.
Solar power operates silently.
Solar energy does not release offensive smells.
Decentralized, low-capital solar is better for small enterprise.
Solar involves democratic community-based decision-making.
Solar applications to households are usually simple.
Removing solar panels is as easy as installing them.
Solar energy reduces nations dependence on oil/foreign oil.
Alternative clean fuels generated from solar power reduces dependence on oil
Nuclear power has the problem of disposing of radioactive waste.
Solar energy is safer than nuclear energy.
Nuclear energy is inefficiently produced centrally
Solar energy is low-capital and more decentralized.
Increased use of nuclear power increases risks of nuclear proliferation.
Solar energy is a 0-emission source; coal is not.
Coal is more land-intensive than solar energy
Solar power cannot produce enough energy to replace coal
Solar cell production requires significant energy, adds emissions.
Inconsistent solar energy requires back-up sources (carbon-based).
Solar panels contain cadmium, which is environmentally hazardous.
Land-intensive solar power incentivizes clearing land, ecosystems
Solar energy requires too much land, damaging the environment
Solar power is intermittent so must be stored.
Solar power stores energy in environmentally hazardous batteries.
Sunlight is relatively weak energy source because rays are diluted.
While sunlight is free, the technology for capturing it is expensive.
Solar panels cannot produce energy at night like other alternatives.
Clouds and smog undermine solar energy unlike other energy sources.
Managing solar power's inconsistency is inefficient and costly.
Solar panels convert energy less efficiently than other energy sources.
Inconsistent solar energy is a challenge for electric grids.
Solar energy production depends on the weather.
Solar power cannot produce at night, cutting yields in half
Soler power energy production varies with the seasons.
Solar power is not well suited for snowy climates.
Not all houses are oriented well for using solar energy.
Solar panels must be cleaned where deposits obstruct the sun.
Solar panels can be damaged by extreme weather such as hail.
Solar energy is less effective in cities for various reasons.
Solar farms can deface natural landscapes.
Solar panels are hard to move when a person moves homes.
If a roof needs replacing, solar panels must be removed.
Solar electricity cannot significantly reduce dependencies on oil.
Nuclear plants can produce a larger amount of energy than solar.
Nuclear power is a more potent and efficient source of energy.
Nuclear energy does not require as much land as solar.
Solar energy cannot produce enough energy to replace coal.
