Should tidal energy be a major part of plans to fight global warming?
Environmental-soundness of tidal energy varies; judgement required
Regulations can minimize environmental impact of tidal energy
Insufficient for tidal energy to reduce tides by 15c
A tidal barrage can safeguard coastlines from storms.
Offshore turbines don't hamper the flow of tides.
Tidal energy burns no fossil fuels and releases no emissions.
Tidal power can generate massive energy and slash emissions
Clean energy contribution from tidal power is good
Tidal power requires no fuel; free energy of the tides.
Tidal energy has existed and been developed for ages.
Tidal energy is still new; costs will drop over time.
Tidal energy is predictable and reliable
Potential energy-production of tidal power is immense
Tidal power installation is easier than dams and nuclear plants.
Tidal turbines can be built into existing bridges.
Offshore turbines are not too expensive to build.
Tidal energy systems are simple, so easy to maintain.
Tidal power plants have long lives of operation.
Forms of tidal energy can be adjusted to limit impact.
Most tidal energy sites have no recreational activities.
Tidal energy turbines are hidden beneath the water.
The cleanness of tidal energy is beautiful.
Small number of tidal energy sites limits aesthetic problems
Offshore turbines spin slowly, don't jeopardize marine life.
Tidal barages produce more energy than other forms of tidal.
A tidal barrage can safeguard coastlines from storms.
Tidal energy could replace unsafe/polluting nuclear energy.
Tidal energy disrupts marine ecosystems like a dam.
Tidal energy can impair the natural flushing of water ecosystems.
Tidal energy can lead to prolonged and undesirable winter icing.
Anchors of tidal energy systems can damage ecosystems
Tidal energy generates very little energy comparatively
Tidal power has a low capacity factor (poor return-on-investment)
Tidal power generates little return on investment so is unviable
Tidal energy is new; it will be some time before it is viable.
Tidal energy could disrupt local fishing industries
Tidal energy production varies with tides; requires stand-by power
Tidal energy supply is out of sink with peak energy demand.
Very few sites globally are appropriate for tidal energy
Installing tidal energy plants is difficult and expensive.
Repairing tidal energy is difficult and expensive.
Retrieving disintegrated tidal energy parts is problematic
Tidal energy systems can disrupt recreational activities.
Tidal energy barages look about as bad as dams.
Environmental impact of barages is ugly.
Tidal turbines can kill marine wildlife.
Tidal barages disrupt marine ecosystems like dams do.
Tidal barage energy can impair the natural flushing of water ecosystems.
Nuclear energy should be an important part of combating global warming.
Tidal energy can't produce enough electricity to replace nuclear.
