Should wind energy be a major component of plans to fight global warming? Pros and cons?
Abundant wind energy can displace fossil fuels and slash emissions
Wind power could free up natural gas to replace oil in cars.
Wind turbines are a beautiful symbol of green consciousness.
Clean sources can back-up wind energy down-times.
The number of birds killed by wind turbines is relatively low
Negative effects of wind energy on birds can be minimized
Carbon emission greater threat to birds than wind energy
Wind energy comes naturally from the environment.
Running and maintenance costs of windmills are low.
Wind farms build piecemeal, generating revenue from first windmill
Wind energy hedges against volatile oil prices
Wind is an inexhaustible, renewable energy resource.
Wind energy is abundant and can supply massive quantities of energy.
Wind energy is free.
Wind fuel does not require transporting to the generator.
Rising carbon-fuel prices make wind power more competitive
Wind energy is new and is advancing rapidly in its competitiveness.
The wind energy industry creates jobs.
Wind energy does not require water.
All energy sources need back-ups; wind energy is not uniquely bad
Wind energy relies on subsidies, but just like other energy sources
Only 1 percent of a wind-farm's surface actually gets built on.
Modern wind turbines produces relatively little noise
Wind turbines are a beautiful symbol of green consciousness.
Wind can't generate enough energy to impact global warming
Inconsistent wind energy has to be backed-up by fossil fuels
Carbon costs of manufacture and transport of windmills is high
Wind energy is a cost-ineffective way to fight global warming
Wind energy, constrained by electric grid, can't help global warming
Heavy land-use of wind farms can jeopardize forests/ecosystems
Wind turbines kill too many birds as well as bats
Wind power in Australia was shut down due to dying birds.
Lights on wind towers can disrupt migratory birds.
Leaking lubricating oils from wind power can damage environment.
Offshore wind turbines generate noise harmful to marine life.
The installation of windmills can be relatively expensive.
Wind energy production is inconsistent relative to demand
Wind energy production is often too far from demand
Wind turbines are generally vulnerable to environmental wear and tear.
Ramping wind energy up and down produces mechanical stresses.
Litigation to clear land (scenery) for windmills can be costly.
Wind energy surges can strain electricity grids
Electric grids are not designed for many disparate wind farms.
Wind energy survives because it is heavily subsidized
Wind farms span across wide swaths of territory.
Heavy land-use of wind farms can jeopardize forests/ecosystems.
Wind turbines are noisy
Wind turbines cause annoying shadow/light flicker
Wind turbines can disrupt the scenery of a community
Construction deaths related to wind turbines are common.
Wind turbines sometimes disintegrate, jeopardizing communities.
Ice collects and is flung off of wind turbines
Wind energy obscures radar, a threat to national security
The focus should be on saving energy, not producing more by wind
