Should the United States lower its drinking age from 21 to 18?
It has failed to reduce the ailing habit of drinking...
21 drinking-age has not reduced under-age drinking
US drinking-age increases the desire for the forbidden fruit
18-and-over law enables teaching of responsible drinking
18 year-olds are trusted in war; they should be trusted to drink
Some US states are considering to lower the drinking age to 18 to allow  returning soldiers to be able to legally drink
The data on youth drunk driving and deaths is debatable
21 drinking-age may not be responsible for lower driving deaths
21 drinking-age just transfers deaths to 21-24 age group
Increase driving age to 18; reduce drinking age to 18
21-law causes kids to not seek help out of fear of punishment
18 year-olds are mentally/physically mature enough to drink
18-year-olds are trusted with many things; why not drinking?
Introducing children to alcohol teaches responsible use
Infantilizing 18-21-year-olds encourages immature drinking
21 law causes reckless/unsupervised under-age drinking
Hang-overs teach responsibile drinking; laws unecessary
Banning 18-year-olds from drinking is age discrimination
18-year drinking age makes college regulation easier
21 drinking-age undermines colleges shaping responsible drinkers
The possibility of harming a students record because he engaged in  underage drinking will be significantly decreased
21 drinking age usurps parental role on responsible drinking
21 drinking-age punishes parents who supervise drinking
21 drinking-age creates class of law-breakers; trivializes law
Drinking is healthy in moderation.
Acquiring drinking experience
A 21 drinking age drives a wedge into social groups
Carding is irritating and a hassle.
The US is behind the world in its drinking age of 21
Visitors to the US find its drinking laws frustrating/laughable
18 drinking age would help fight fake IDs and terrorism
Americans are increasingly supportive of lowering drinking age.
An unpopular idea is not necessarily a bad idea
21 drinking-age general lowers under-age drinking
Lowering the drinking age increases use and problems
Forbidden fruit argument on alcohol fails on facts
Safer roads with 21 drinking laws outweighs all trade-offs
Alcohol consumption not comparable to military service
The 21 drinking-age lowers drunk-driving deaths
European youth are not more responsible drinkers
Many states allow under-age drinking with parents/spouses
Young people's brains aren't fully formed, so they're more susceptible to alcohol.
It protects them from pressure to drink.
Teenagers are not responsible drinkers.
American kids binge drink; lowering drinking age would be chaos
Safer roads with 21 drinking laws outweighs all trade-offs
Lowering drinking age will undermine parental oversight
Many states allow under-age drinking with parents/spouses
Difficult to enforce does not mean we should give up.
Alcohol harms adolescents more than adults.
State responsibility.
A large majority of Americans oppose lowering drinking age
