Should upper oceanic heat transport be utilized?
Many scientists who state that climate change is a myth are being paid by private interests.
The effect climate change has on the planet is measurable.
Rising levels of carbon dioxide (CO2) and other greenhouse gases (GHGs) correlate with global warming.
Global warming is causing the arctic ice caps to melt at an alarming rate.
If we can't 'heal the planet' directly, we may be able to help the planet heal itself.
This would help improve the health of our oceans.
The risk is worth the reward.
This would lower greenhouse gas concentrations.
Lessening the strength of hurricanes would mean that 10 billion dollars a year could be used for other projects.
Lessening the strength of hurricanes would mean that fewer human lives would be lost or ruined.
This technology would remove large amounts of CO2 from the atmosphere.
This technology would cool the ocean.
This technology would help the earth heal its self.
This technology would encourage the development of clouds.
The Earth goes though climate cycles over time this is just another era.
There is no proof that the Earth is warming at an accelerated rate.
Solar cycles can explain most of the changes.
Climate Change may dry out the upper levels of the innermost atmospheric layer, the troposphere, and less water means a weaker greenhouse effect.
Would causing an algal bloom truly remove CO2 from the atmosphere?
The CO2 wouldn't stay dissolved in the ocean.
The ecosystems are already at risk and fertilization may irreversible alter them.
Bringing cool water to the surface would mean introducing warm water to ecosystems adapted for cold water.
Trying to Control the weather could have unanticipated side effects.
Developing and employing this technology would cost more than it would save.
Hurricanes actually help the envrionment.
This technology does not reduce how much radiation (heat) is absorbed in the atmosphere.
This technology does not remove CO2 from the atmosphere.
This technology could damage fragile and essential ecosystems.
