Should the United Kingdom hand over the Falkland Islands to Argentina?
Argentina's historical and territorial/geographical claims to the islands are spurious.
Brits now dominate the Malvinas; self-determination cannot apply
Argentina can claim Malvinas and uphold the way of life of inhabitants
Geography is irrelevant.
The Malvinas are far closer to Argentina (300m) than Britain (8000m).
The Malvinas Islands are part of the South American continental shelf.
A few notable dates&nbsp;:
Spanish explorer Megellan was first to discover Malvinas
Spain's discovery and control of Malvinas was recognized in treaties
Spain had purchased the Islands from France in 1767.
Spain peacefully occupied Malvinas until Argentinian independence in 1816.
Argentina built public facilities on the Malvinas Islands.
Britain abandoned the Malvinas between 1774 and 1833.
Plaque left after Britain left the Malvinas in 1774 limits their claim
UK planned to give the Falkland Islands to Argentina
Britain usurped the Malvinas in 1833 by illegitimate means
Argentina properly inherited the Islands from Spain in 1816.
Britain secretly promised to abandon its claim before 1771.
UK planned to give the Falkland Islands to Argentina
Argentina always claimed the Falklands; Britain once renounced its claim.
Britain sent its soldiers to fight an unjust war in the Falkland Islands.
British occupation of Malvinas Islands perpetuates colonialism
Britain exploiting Falkland Islands for natural resources
The Islands have been British since 1833.
Britain's occupation of the Falklands was/is illegal.
Spain gave Argentina sovereignty over the Falkand Islands.
The Falklands are the Malvinas and are part of Argentina.
Legitimate negotiations over the Falklands must be done through UN.
Economically, the islands will be an energy asset to Britain.
Strategically, the islands is a NATO airbase in the south Atlantic.
Argentina-UK relations will be strained until the Falklands are returned.
Returning the Falklands to Argentina would improve US-relations with the region.
British possession of the Falklands causes tension and risks war.
Returning the islands would not be a sign that violence and threats are legitimate.
South American support for return of Falklands is growing
Mercosur supports Argentina's claim to the Malvinas
The Rio Group has supported Argentina's claim to the Malvinas
Peru vocally supports the Argentinian claim to the Falklands.
Brazil has favored Argentina's claim to the Falklands.
Post-Pinochet Chile has supported Argentina's claim to the Falklands.
Venezuelan President Hugo Chávez supports Argentina's claim to the Malvinas.
Spain supports Argentina's claim to the Malvinas islands.
The Argentine population were not expelled, just the military personnel
Argentina inspired a poll on the islands in 1994
Between 1850 and 1941 there was just one isolated protest to the British over the islands sovereignty in 1888
The Argentine government conquered land from the native peoples in South America years after the British re-establishment, prompting hypocrisy
Falkland Islanders have a right to self-determination
Argentina's allegations are unproven in an international tribunal
Falkland Islands adopted a motion to remain British in 1977.
The vast majority of Falkland Islanders want to remain British.
Britain expelled the military garrison in 1833, but did not expel the colony.
Rights to self-determination not limited to aboriginal peoples.
Spain's prerogative to complain about Britain's actions in 1833 not Argentina's.
There are plenty of overseas territories from several different nations all over the world that are not disputed by the other closest nations
Malvinas are not considered part of South America
Argentina has an imperial past
It is irrelevant whether Malvinas are part of South America
Only tenuous evidence that Magellan discovered Malvinas
British explorers were the first to discover the Islands
This question is of no real relevance as Spain recognised Britains rights to the islands in 1771
Britain never accepted Spanish Sovereignty
Britain has peacefully controlled the Falklands for two centuries.
Argentina's historical claim to the Falklands is too outdated.
Britain did not abandon its claim, it evacuated the settlement.
The 1820-1825 Jewett/treaty story is a fallacy
Britains rights are not justified by only a plaque, that is a ridiculous assertion
Britain never relinquished its claim to the Falklands
Spain vacated her settlement in 1811.
Britain secured it's rights with the Spanish in the 1771 agreement
Vernet and his settlers had British permission to be on the islands.
Britain acted entirely legally.
Argentina's inheritance claim is self righteous as there was no binding universal international law at that time, meaning no rights for inheriting land they did not control during their unilateral independence
Argentina's independence was unilateral; no claim to Falklands.
Spain did not recognise Argentina until 1859,
Argentina had no more right to Falklands than Britain
Unilateral secession does not confer rights of territorial inheritance.
The terms 'prepared' 'will' and 'draft'are not binding just speculation
Actually it went something like this:
There is no evidence of any agreement to hand the islands over to the Spanish.
Britain never secretly agreed to give Falklands to Argentina
Britain never renounced it's claim the Nookta Sound treaty supported the 1771 agreement
In the 1771 agreement both the UK and Spain, respected each others claim for the islands
Nootka Sound Convention does not apply to UK in Falklands
The Nookta Sound convention did not affect Britains rights to the islands as they already had an agreement with Spain where both nations rights were secured in 1771
The British had permission from the UN to use reasonable force to retake the islands
The Argentines invaded British territory.
Returning the Falkland Islands would be an insult to dead soldiers.
The UN resolution that deals with decoloization (1514) does not demand it if the inhabitants don't want it, simple
You cannot return what was never theirs. The inheritance never happened, just a false claim.
Taking a 'colony' from one coloniser and giving it to another can hardly be right.
There was no binding universal international law in the 1800's that supports Argentina's inheritance claim and plenty of evidence to support Britains
Britain first claimed the Falklands in 1690 and never renounced the claim.
Britain offered to take Argentina's claim to the Falklands to the ICJ.
The Falklands have been continuously occupied by the UK since 1833.
Argentina never really attempted to colonize the Falklands.
The British were the first to settle in the Falkland Islands.
The islands no longer has strategic value to Britain.
The issue has no real effect over Argentine-British relations in other areas
Relations with Argentina are not important to Britain.
You can't return something that was never theirs
Returning the islands would imply that violence and threats are legitimate ways to conduct diplomacy.
In 65 years of the United Nations, Argentina has failed to get any substantial support
The European Union classes the Falklands as a special overseas territory
France has been particularly supportive of the British position
The Commonwealth of Nations recognises the Falklands as British territory.
