Was the War in Iraq worth fighting?
The world is a better place without Saddam Hussein
War in Iraq kept Saddam from acquiring nuclear weapons.
If not a threat then, Iraq would have become one
War in Iraq sent deterrent message to rogue regimes.
Show of strength in Iraq helped denuclearize Libya
War in Iraq became a battle front in War on Terror.
War in Iraq teaches how to fight wars of 21st century.
Victory better than letting terrorists win in Iraq.
Drop in terrorism in Iraq demonstrates successes in War on Terror.
Saddam Hussein caused a comparable death toll to War in Iraq
Number of US troops lost in Iraq is relatively small
War in Iraq was worth the lives lost
The war liberated millions of Iraqis from Tyranny.
War has given Iraqis a young democracy to grow.
Iraq War offered Iraqi people hope for new future.
Iraq's democratic government is working reasonably well
Iraqis are better off economically as a result of the war
War in Iraq adds to US geopolitical and military credibility.
War in Iraq sent message about WMD, sponsoring terror, etc.
Iraq War consistent with better to be feared than loved.
Deposing Saddam was not worth immense costs of war.
War in Iraq replaced one dictator with hundreds.
Saddam Hussein was a much smaller threat than believed.
Many dictators are dangerous, but that doesn't justify war.
War in Iraq has benefited Iran in region
Iraq War caused rogue regimes to accelerate nuclear programs.
War in Iraq has achieved no core US objectives.
The War in Iraq distracted from the War on Terror.
War in Iraq has helped terrorist recruitment
War in Iraq was not mainly against terrorists.
Solving problems created by war does not justify war.
War in Iraq resulted in too many dead or wounded soldiers.
War not worth roughly 100,000 Iraqi civilians killed.
War in Iraq displaced millions, creating regional refugees.
Congress would have voted against Iraq War knowing costs now.
War worth it only if Iraq beats odds and becomes liberal democracy.
Progress in Iraq does not mean war was worth it.
Iraq War undermines US legitimacy on international law
Iraq War worsened US reputation in the Muslim world.
