Should people serving prison sentences be permitted to vote in elections?
Allowing prisoner voting respects democratic practices.
Depriving prisoners a vote wrongly disenfranchises them
Unhelpful to ban voting by prisoners serving for 6 months
Prisoners should have very right to make a decision based on their own morals .
Prisoners retain many rights, including the right to vote
Prisoners have a right to express interests through voting
Prisoners must be able to influence world they will re-enter.
There is no state interest in denying prisoners a vote
We cannot assume that they do not wish to vote.
Depriving prisoners a vote continues legacy of disenfranchisement
Depriving prisoners their vote exceeds judge's punishment
A right to vote hardly diminishes a prisoner's sentence.
Depriving prisoners of a vote is simply mean spirited.
Prisoner voting offers dignity, aids rehabilitation
Rehabilitation is main goal (not punishment); voting helps
Voting offers prisoners a sense of citizenship, reintegration
The state is hypocritical in taxing prisoners but not giving them a vote.
Denying prisoners the right to vote does not protect the public.
Prospect of losing voting rights does not deter crime
Linking a ban on voting to imprisonment is arbitrary.
Prisoners are still citizens.
The European Court of Human Rights
Most liberal democracies extend voting rights to prisoners
International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights supports prisoner voting
Prisoner voting cheapens votes of citizens
Prisoner voting would demean the entire electoral system.
Prisoner voting would undermine the public's sense of justice
Felons have bad judgement, should not help elect reps
Voting is a privilege (not right) that criminals fairly lose.
If minors have no right to vote neither should prisoners
Only qualified citizens have a right to vote
Criminals forfeit the right to vote
Prisoners are unfit for society so unfit to vote
Prisoners lose freedom; what's problem with losing vote?
Most prisoners don't care about voting
Prisoners' interests are represented by NGOs and others
Prisoners deserve voting privileges only when they act responsibly.
Depriving prisoner vote disenfranchises only because more minorities are felons
Prisoners are rightly punished by denying their vote
Prisoner voting undermines punishment and so rehabilitation.
Punishment, not rehabilitation, is the objective in prisons.
Few prisoners earn enough to be liable for taxation.
The right to vote does not follow from the obligation to pay taxes.
Criminals, dangerous to society, are dangerous with vote
Denying felons a vote sends a strong message, deters crime
This is not an argument for letting all, or indeed any, prisoners vote.
14th amendment permits denying voting rights to criminals
Equal protection clause does not protect prisoner votes
