Is bullfighting acceptable in modernity, or should it be banned?
Life of bullfighting bull more decent than factory bull.
Bulls are celebrated and honored in bullfighting.
Clean and quick kills are prized in bullfighting.
Bullfighting fosters an understanding of violent death.
Bullfighting is a cultural art form, not a sport
Bullfighting celebrates death and cycle of life
Bullfighting has long historical and mythical roots.
Bullfighting is last serious thing in modern world.
Bullfighters are good heroes and role models for youth.
Bullfighting thrives due to devout local fans, not tourists
More risks the bullfighter takes the better
Bullfighters and others are regularly gored.
Bulls horns are usually kept sharp for fights.
Bullfighting symbolizes man's mastery over nature.
Many cultural and sporting events involve serious risks.
Risks of bullfighting brings out courage and bravery.
Bullfighting is economically important in many regions.
Majority on bullfighting shouldn't dictate end of tradition
Bullfighting is an indecent form of torture
Bulls are usually not killed quickly, die in agony.
Bulls can't reason, but they can suffer; bullfighting wrong.
Body parts may be cut-off while bull is still alive.
Bulls' horns may be shaved, making them very sensitive to pain.
Horses suffer in bullfighting as much as bulls.
Inflicting pain for the purposes of entertainment is wrong.
Bullfighting is about entertaining a crowd's blood lust.
Bullfighting validates torturing animals for entertainment.
Cultural tradition is no justification for cruel bullfighting
People need not see bull die in order to understand death.
Bullfighting makes for a barbaric society.
Unfair fight; bull is severely injured before matador
Not a fair fight: gang of armed men against one bull.
Not a fair fight; bullfighters rarely injured/killed.
Mastery of nature can be demonstrated w/o torturing bulls.
Bullfighting is too dangerous to humans to justify
Bullfighting is not that big of a tourist draw.
Profits from bullfighting end up in hands of small group.
Bullfighting requires significant government subsidization.
Majorities in bullfighting states &amp; elsewhere oppose it.
