Is elective, adult male circumcision a good idea?
Non-circumcision can result in many complications
The uncircumcised often suffer from penis infections
Circumcision helps prevent balantis in the penis
Circumcision helps prevent phimosis
Circumcision helps protect against cancer of the penis
Circumcision reduces the risk of prostate cancer.
Circumcision can help protect against human papilloma virus.
Circumcision helps protect against chlamydia.
Circumcision helps protect against syphilis.
Circumcision helps prevent chancroids.
Circumcision helps prevent herpes.
Circumcision helps protect against kidney infections
Circumcision reduces the risk of HIV infection
Circumcision helps avoid having to retract foreskin to urinate.
A circumcised penis looks better.
Circumcision improves a man's sense of confidence
Circumcision increases sexual stamina and satisfaction
Circumcision does not interfere with sexual performance
Circumcision does not interfere with sexual pleasure
Circumcised men engage in more varied sexual activity.
Those circumcised in adulthood note improved sex
Sex with an uncircumcised penis can be painful for men.
Uncircumcised men often pass infections/diseases to spouses
Women prefer cleaner circumcised penis
Women prefer the appearance of a circumcised penis.
Women are more likely to orgasm with circumcised men
Circumcision results in enlargement of gland, enjoyed by women
Circumcision increases sexual stamina and satisfaction
A cultural preference for a circumcised penis is valid.
Smegma in uncircumcised penis produces unattractive smell/taste.
Circumcision discourages masturbation by making it less pleasurable
Circumcision is a tradition worth preserving.
Opponents of circumcision have adopted nefarious tactics
Circumcised foreskin can be used to combat facial aging
Arguments against circumcision are insufficient to change policy.
Romans 4:9-12 supports the practice of circumcision.
Uncircumcised Europeans do not experience significant health problems.
Most male sexual health problems stem from irresponsible sex, not circumcision.
The foreskin is a brilliant product of human evolution
Circumcision eliminates foreskin's many protective functions
Circumcision is not a good solution to phimosis of foreskin
Circumcision can cause a skin bridge on penis.
Circumcision industry drives false medical justifications.
Ideologies drive false medical justifications for circumcision
Circumcision is actually a rare practice in the world.
Condoms/education are better than circumcision against HIV.
Some falsely believe circumcision makes condom-use unnecessary.
Lower sensitivity of circumcised penis reduces condom-use
HIV-prevention is poor justification for neonatal circumcision
The natural penis is clean and requires no special care
Circumcision always risks permanent injury and disfigurement
Faulty circumcision can result in loss of penis
Foreskin is important to sexual intercourse and pleasure
Circumcised and uncircumcised men have statistical equal stamina
Circumcision impairs sensing and avoiding premature ejaculation.
Circumcision shortens the penis.
Circumcision can cause male impotency
Attitudes should conform to the normal body, not visa versa.
Uncircumcised penis better stimulates a woman to orgasm.
Women preferring circumcised men suffer from cultural ills
Mobile adult foreskin is very easy to clean.
Smegma has an important natural, protective function.
Circumcision is a malicious tool for discouraging masturbation
Circumcision was used to reduce fertility of certain groups
Dangerous cultural pressure exists surrounding circumcision
The circumcised perpetuate the practice in a form of denial
Foreskin is a brilliant gift from nature and/or God.
No right to impose religious belief in circumcision on child
Circumcision is a product of strange historical mythologies.
Circumcision was used to reduce fertility of certain groups
