Should arranged marriages be outlawed?
Arranged marriages prevents people from marriages based solely on physical passion.
In arranged marriages, couples more possibly learn to love over time than leaving love entirely to chance.
Arranging marriages is an insult to the very nature of marriage, which should be about creating a loving and lasting partnership and family.
To allow arranged marriages leads to unacceptable pressure on those involved.
The practice of arranged marriage separates communities, helping to stop integration and encourage distrust between communities.
Arranged marriage is bad both for the individual women concerned and for women generally in society.
Arranged marriage provides a cover for illegal immigration
Arranged marriage is not a true 'cultural value' that is in some sense inviolate.
The success of the couple being a fit is as good as flipping a coin.
In hinduism and Asian communities the system of arranged marriage originated mainly as the tool of the upper caste people to protect their community and to maintain their social status.
One of the social evil associated with arranged marriage is dowry in the modern Indian and conservative Asian society.
The right to decide for yourself.
There is often emotional pressure or even emotional blackmail.
Arranged marriages are very much 'real' marriages.
It's an overgeneralization and unfair to claim arranged marriages reduce a religious/legal ceremony to a commercial transaction
How can love be measured.
A relationship is not treated lightly.
People should have a choice about marriage systems.
A way how to marry for shy persona.
Arranged marriages do involve choice.
It is not just groups practising arranged marriage who maintain cohesive communities.
Cultural ghettoisation does not stem from the practice of arranged marriage, but from the history of immigration and boundaries between older communities and new immigrants
Arranged marriages in Europe and North America have idiosyncratically low levels of abuse and marital violence.
Arranged marriages are mistaken as demeaning women.
There is no casual link between a marriage system and domestic abuse.
We have made pathetically small progress in stamping out mail order brides which just goes to show how completely unenforceable a much more complex system of regulation over arranged marriages would be.
The cause of illegal immigration is not arranged marriages
Both young and old people affirm the fact that arranged marriage is a cultural tradition.
The matter may be of cultural freedom or multicultural freedom
