Is the farming and consumption of veal acceptable?
If cattle can be killed tolerably, what makes killing them as calves unethical?
Veal is to cattle as lamb is to sheep
Veal farming is a good alternative to the slaughtering of unwanted calves
Modern veal producers follow strict regulations on humane treatment
If humane practices are not being followed, than regulations can be improved.
Hutches are an important part of classic veal production.
Hutches can be more comfortable for veal calves.
Hutches could be abandoned without banning veal production completely.
Loose housing allows calves to roam free.
Milk-based diets are healthy and humane for veal
Grain-only diets are adequate for calf veal farming
Veal farming is an economically important industry that cannot be scrapped
Veal farming is a good alternative to the slaughtering of unwanted calves
The inefficient land-use of veal is not a justification to ban veal.
If cattle land-use is a problem, the markets are best for solving the problem.
If veal is forbidden in one country it's often simply exported abroad.
Veal is low in fat
Veal is easy and fast to cook
Veal tastes very nice.
Veal has been part of many countries cultures for hundreds of years.
Many people are against whaling, veal is even worse.
It is cruel to harm and kill baby cows at such an early age.
Humans use products from calves, but calves do not use human products.
If someone killed a human at any age it would be murder, so why should it be any different with cows.
Veal calves are kept in tortuous conditions
Veal farming is inherently abusive to calves to meet market demands
A ban on veal farming would provide an important boost to animal rights.
Anything which involves murdering animals is cruel .
Calves are kept in inhuman conditions in hutches
Loose housing for calves often subjects them to bullying and apprehension.
Calves are fed inhumane milk diets to keep them anemic and their meat pale
Grain diets are rare in veal because it produces tougher meat.
Veal farming is wasteful of the growth potential of a baby cow.
Veal and cattle production is a generally inefficient use of land
Veal calves require antibiotics and medicine that are passed onto consumers
Modern cultures are shifting against veal.
