Should Australia become a republic or continue as a constitutional monarchy?
Ending the monarchy would establish Australian independence from Britain
Australia's history on Britain is irrelevant, Australia has a unique identity.
The Australian monarch is, in fact, a foreign monarch
Foreign monarchs cannot adequately represent Australians
The queen represents British not Australian interests abroad
Ending the monarchy would foster an independent identity in Australia
Australia could actually remain in the commonwealth as a republic
The Australian monarchy is broken in so far as it is undemocratic.
That the Australian monarchy works is a faulty argument against positive change
The monarchy might work, but it is inappropriate and wrong
Australia should perfect its democracy by becoming a republic
A crowned republic in Australia is not an adequate republic
Monarchy undermines democratic development in Australia
Monarchies risk bringing completely incapable people to power
Desires for republic grow with increasingly democratic Australians
The symbolism of the Australian monarchy is important and bad
The monarchy symbolizes principles Australians don't agree with
The Australian monarchy symbolizes a history of tyranny
The monarchy is not actually a model family for Australians
An Australian republic will not mean rejecting the English heritage
Seeking an Australian republic does not disrespect the queen
The Australian monarchy does not ensure stability
Australia's monarchy is not really politically neutral
An Australian president will be no more political than the monarchy
The Australian monarchy is not necessary for national security post Cold War.
Arguing that republicanism is divisive is a status quo argument
Conducting a constitutional referendum in Australia would not be difficult.
Drafting a Republican constitution in Australia would not be difficult
An Australian republic could accommodate states that remain monarchies
Desires for republic grow with increasingly democratic Australians
What is more important in Australia than creating a republic?
Establishing a republic in Australia is inevitable
The monarchy violates Australian laws against gender discrimination
The Australian monarchy violates the separation of church and state
The 1999 referendum was rejected on specifics not the principle of Republicanism.
The 2020 summit on 19-20 April, 2008 agreed with a republic system.
Professor Tony Blackshield
Australia was founded by the Crown and so owes continued allegiances in the commonwealth.
The commonwealth is a sound community for Australia even in modernity.
Australians can vote to exit the commonwealth, but have chosen to remain.
The Queen is not a foreign queen, but is the Queen of Australia
The governor-general is an Australian head of state
Republicanism is not more modern than constitutional monarchy
If the Australian constitutional monarchy isn't broke, don't fix it
The Queen has never abused her power in Australia.
Republicanism is not more modern than constitutional monarchy
The monarchy checks the abuse of power by the executive
Australia is already a republic; a crowned republic
The governor-general represents all Australians; not just his/her voters
Australians democratically chose a constitutional monarchy; it wasn't imposed
Australian republicans are making a blatant power grab
Reforming a constitution should be extremely exceptional in a democracy.
Australia's monarchic system is equally democratic as Britain's.
Monarchy symbolizes all that Australia inherited from Britain
The monarchy inspires justice, honor, and duty in Australia
The Queen has served, united, and uplifted Australians
Many modern states like Australia have foreign elements in identity
The Australian Monarchy is just a symbol
Republicanism is disrespectful to the queen.
The Australian monarchy provides a non-political check on the political process.
A partisan head of state in a republic can be problematic.
The monarchy checks the abuse of power by the executive
Republicanism in Australia incites tensions between Protestants and Catholics.
Creating a republic would require dramatically re-writing Australia's constitution.
Reforming Australia's constitution to form a republic is too hard
Harder in a republic to expel abusive executive
Establishing a republic would be costly to Australians
Australia cannot force states to accept a republic
Passing Australian republic constitutional referendum too difficult
A referendum on an Australian republic could cause a constitutional crisis if rejected by states
Better not to rush a republic in Australia
Republic a bad idea before Queen Elizabeth II leaves Aus
All the coins would have to be changed.
Australian republicanism is a diversion from other pressing issues.
Australian republicanism should be dealt with in the future.
Queen Elizabeth II's existence undermines claims against a sexist Australian monarchy
The monarchy poses no real threat to secularism in Australia.
Australian constitution does not separate of church and state; monarchy is O.K.
The principal of neutrality between Church and State is justified.
Support for Australian republic has waned in recent years
Queen Elizabeth II is hugely popular in Australia.
The 1999 Republic referendum was voted down in Australia.
Scattered Australian republic proposals undermine public support
Australian republic favored by inner-city elites
