Is the democratic peace theory correct?
Power kills; absolute power kills absolutely
Democracy promotes harmonious and cooperative inter-state relations
Democracies share democratic values that help maintain peace
Democracy drives economic growth and integration, reducing violence.
Democracy increases information flows, which reduces violence.
Sacrificing citizens of a republic demand peace from representatives
Citizens that choose their leaders are more peaceful.
Democracies better resolve disagreement without resorting to violence
The desire to get re-elected constrains war-making
Diversity in democracies counters group-think, risk of war
Democracies mostly only engage in defensive wars with non-democracies.
Anti-Westernism is a driving philosophy in opposing Democratic Peace
Democratic peace applies to liberal democracies, which do not war.
Democracies are founded on similar principles so they should not go to war.
Lebanon is not a liberal democracy according to Freedom House in its 2006 report
Israel battled the organization Hezbollah, which exerted control over the southern part of Lebanon, and not the Lebanese army.
Alberto Fujimori had made an auto-coup in 1992 and took on dictatorial powers.
There were no elections in Eritrea before the war.
Yugoslavia was not a true democracy
Democracies are peaceful only when their interests coincide
Peace by force is actually what allows peace between democracies
Powerful democracies are frequently aggressive and violent
Democracies are quick to mobilize forces
The act of voting itself does not pacify people
Democratic populations are not more aware of the costs of war
Democracies do not externalize their conflict resolution processes
There are few checks on the foreign policies of elected executives
Spreading democracy and peace is used as a pretext for war
Western powers exploits democratic peace to maintain dominance
Majority rule in democracies does not promote peace
Ethnic voting in Democracies often stokes ethnic violence
Democracies attack non-democracies, undermining pacifism myth
Democracies often support violent, repressive dictatorships
Democratic peace theory is insignificant
Israel is an established democracy. Lebanon has had a democratic system since its independence.
Peruvian President Alberto Fujimori and the Ecuadorian President were democratically elected.
Both countries were technically democracies
Slobodan Milosevic, the leader of Serbia, won several elections.
The country's restrictions on extremists were not preventing democracy
