Should coca leaf growth, product-development, and chewing be legal?
Coca in its natural state is not a narcotic
Coca is not cocaine.
Coca chewing is milder than caffeine, nicotine, etc
Coca consumption is most akin to caffeine use.
Component parts of other drugs aren't banned.
Coca has no negative health effects.
Chewing coca offers an energy boost.
Chewing coca has therapeutic value for various ailments.
Coca chewing can help relieve hunger, fight obesity.
Coca chewing is a habit not an addiction.
Coca chewing and use are inviolable Andean traditions
Coca has spiritual value to indigenous Andeans.
Banning coca chewing violates indigenous rights.
Coca chewing fosters social cohesion
Coca chewing pre-dates cocaine, shouldn't bundled.
Coca chewing in the Andes is like coffee in the West.
Coca yes, cocaine no is a workable policy.
If coca legal, farmers will change from illegal cocaine.
Wrong to ban local coca to prevent foreign cocaine consumption.
All South American states support indigenous right to coca.
Coca production can be monitored/limited to hedge cocaine.
Coca is chewed by millions; ban is just impossible.
Cocaine producers, not coca producers, should be targeted.
Ineffective eradication efforts suffer from balloon effect.
Coca can be used in a variety of products
Coca can be used as a local anesthetic.
Coca chewing has economic benefit of increased productivity.
Coca eradication harms economy and poor farmers.
Coca is narcotic because cocaine can be readily extracted.
Coca cannot be disassociated with cocaine.
Cocaine is most produced where coca is legal.
Coca chewing is bad for human health.
Coca is not like caffeine/nicotine due to alternative use.
Coca chewing for cultural, not medical, reasons is unjust.
Tradition of coca consumption is a poor argument.
Coca is culturally popular due to broad cocaine production.
Coca exception undermines integrity of drug war
Allowing coca undermines successful eradication efforts.
Coca production feeds cocaine production.
Letting coca bloom undermines anti-cocaine efforts
Cocaine content is too easily recovered from coca.
Impossible to stop coca from being diverted to cocaine.
Balloon effect occurs because some are weak on eradication.
