Which is the superior system, capitalism or socialism?
Socialism run by central bureaucracy, not the people
Socialism over-trusts government bureaucrats
In capitalism, society is rightly ruled by individuals.
Capitalism is about individuals collaborating to supply needs.
No transaction happens in capitalism unless both parties benefit
Focusing on large corporation distracts from fundamentals of capitalism.
Capitalism allows for greater personal fulfillment.
Capitalism incentivizes higher productivity through reward
Capitalism maximizes benefits of greed, minimizes harms
Socialism favors political greed over economic greed.
Best ideas come from individuals, not govt
Socialism removes the incentive to excel.
Socialism punishes effort, subsidizes laziness
Socialism wrongly labels wanting/ambition as wrong
All prosperous nations are capitalist nations
Capitalism gives everyone the opportunity to succeed
Capitalism is unequal riches; socialism is equal poverty
Capitalism fosters equal opportunity, not equal outcome.
Business don't take from poor; they add value and jobs.
Socialism wrongly incites antagonism b/w classes
Capitalism is not a political philosophy.
Capitalism relies on righteous belief in freedom
Capitalism is necessary condition for political freedom
Without rights and property, tyranny of majority reigns
Capitalism is guided by people's invisible hand.
Socialist leadership cannot protect human rights effectively.
Collective Good is a category error.
Capitalism divides and diffuses the power to oppress.
Capitalism exists under constraints of democratic govt.
No transaction happens in capitalism unless both parties benefit.
Market prices are always fair prices.
State guaranteed prices lead to shortages.
Efficiency isn't the major goal of capitalism as a whole.
Capitalism allocates capital/resources most efficiently.
Capitalism provides people with what they actually want.
Competition produces more valued goods more cheaply.
Planned economy is never as effective as free markets.
Socialist governments slow progress of markets.
Capitalism actively breaks monopolies to foster competition.
Capitalist competition continually improves with technology
Capitalism fosters, does not prevent, charity.
There is less charity in a socialist society.
Socialism poorly adapts to change.
There are multiple methods of decision-making in a capitalist society
Free trade promotes the most peace and solidarity
Socialism could do great damage to the environment.
Capitalism has a neutral impact
Everyone has a voice within a capitalist society
People generally prefer capitalism to socialism.
In socialist systems, society is ruled by the collective people.
Capitalism does not guarantee societies needs.
In capitalism, businesses must put profit before everything else.
In capitalism, profit is made through exploitation
Capitalism is not ruled by individual, but corporations
Capitalism has never been about groups of people working together to meet collective needs.
Genuine socialism is not ruled by a central bureaucracy!
Market transactions exclude third parties.
Socialism is not about state rule, but individual rule.
Government in capitalism is not compassionate.
More people get a chance to be productive in socialism
Socialism does not prevent individual success.
Capitalism subverts community, solidarity, productivity.
Capitalism places profits above moral judgement
Capitalism rewards many people in perverse ways.
Genuine socialism does not promote political greed.
Income and rewards in capitalism are unequal
Inequalities in capitalism stifle individual opportunity.
Socialism does not bring poverty but prosperity.
In capitalism, profit is made through exploitation
Capitalism makes the rich richer and the poor poorer
Poverty is a byproduct of inequalities under capitalism.
Capitalism divides people into classes
Capitalism often subverts human rights for profits.
Capitalism subverts genuine political freedom
The only genuinely democratic societies have been socialist.
Capitalism impairs the right to food/life.
Socialism is ideal for protecting human rights.
Capitalism gives corporations tyrannical powers
Capitalism is very dictatorial.
Capitalism only respects liberty of rich to stay rich
Socialism seeks social justice.
Capitalism is no invisible hand, but a crushing foot.
Capitalism is not ruled by individual, but corporations.
Market prices do not reflect social cost
Payment schemes under markets are unfair.
Markets often go against human interests and values.
Socialism has shown itself to be very efficient
Capitalism has shown itself to be inefficient
Capitalism grossly mismanages resources.
Socialism provides people with what they actually want.
Centralized currency is biased toward scarcity and hoarding.
Socialism is more efficient than capitalism
Socialism has control, unlike capitalism
Unplanned capitalist economies undergo dramatic volatility.
Capitalism is characterized by monopolies, not competition.
State monopoly is not present in a socialist system.
Capitalism subverts cooperation.
Capitalism has a systemic bias against helping others.
Socialism provides motivation of aiding fellow man.
Charity is not meaningful in a capitalist system.
Socialism puts planning into the hands of the people.
Socialism can effectively respond to crises.
Capitalism grossly misdirects money to military
Capitalism necessitates imperial wars of conquest.
Capitalism necessitates war for profit.
Capitalism does not peacefully accept losses.
Capitalism is destroying the world ecosystem
Socialism has inbuilt mechanisms to protect the ecosystem.
The argument that socialism could do damage to the ecosystem rests on two erroneous assumptions.
That poll shows that capitalism is not popular.
Other polls show that socialism is more popular than capitalism.
Capitalism has always been fought against by workers.
