Is a guest worker immigration reform program a good idea for the United States?...
Argument that the Guest Worker program, as envisioned in S. 2611, is not amnesty because the illegals that would register for the program would have to pay a fine for having broken US law:
Ted Kennedy (D-MA)
President Bush argues that the program is not amnesty 1/7/04
Asa Hutchinson, Undersectretary for Border and Transportation Security in a 2004 Senate hearing on Bush's guest worker proposal
A White House principle behind a guest worker program -
For the workers, [the Guest Worker program] would provide temporary legal status and some civil rights protections that an illegal worker would not have.
Congressional Research Service Report 4/6/06
Guest worker program offers benefit of freedom of travel:
View that it would bring good-intentioned illegals out of the shadows and discourage further illegal behaviour:
Washington Post 3/24/06
John Cornyn said in a 2004 senate hearing on guest worker legislation
Guest worker program offers financial benefits for returning home after the period of stay expires:
President Bush 1/7/04
CBO (Congressional Budget Office) Analysis (8/18/06) finds increased revenues would offset increased entitlement costs under Senate Immigration Bill (S. 2611)
Contention that entitlement costs would be low initially and would be modest in the long-run because those that would qualify for the guest worker program and any potential path to citizenship are more self-supporting:
Positive Effects on the Economy and Social Security Solvency:
The immigration bill passed by the Senate (S. 2611 - w/ guest worker provision) also would contribute to strengthening Social Security finances, according to the Social Security actuaries. -
CBO and the Joint Committee on Taxation also project that legalization (through a guest worker program proposed in S. 2611) would...reduce the likelihood that immigrants are paid "under the table," thereby leading to increases in federal income and payroll tax collections. -
The bill would establish other fees and penalties, as well, which immigrants seeking to legalize would be required to pay [and which would add to government revenues]. -
S. 2611's Guest Worker prevailing wage provision is designed to protect against wage deflation resulting from employers offering low wages to foreign workers:
Evidence that 2005's increased border security measures have decreased important immigrant labor that farm industries depend on (particularly in California), which has caused much greater support for a Guest Worker program among farmers:
Key players that argue that the economic impact would be favorable:
Chuck Hagel (R-Nebraska):
The existing foreign worker programs are too complex and not usable, according to some sources who argue that the new guest worker program would be more practical:
A White House Principle of Immigration Reform: Providing Incentives for Return to Home Country, which is intended to make implementation of the guest worker program more feasible:
Argument that many illegals want the opportunity to return to their home-lands, making the enforcement of the end of the temporary worker period more feasible:
Incentivizing illegals to leave after the program could help solve the illegal immigration problem and demographic problems too:
Such a program would lower the inflow of illegal immigrants by expanding the channel for legal entry. -
Argument that a guest worker program will bring illegals out of the shadows, where they pose a hazard to US security:
Asa Hutchinson, Undersectretary for Border and Transportation Security in a 2004 Senate hearing on Bush's guest worker proposal
The White House 1/7/04
Senator Chuck Hagel, in a 2004 hearing before the Senate Subcommittee on Immigration, Border Security and Citizenship
Cato Institute 4/1/04
It would reduce the demand for fraudulent documents, which in turn would reduce the supply available for terrorists trying to operate surreptitiously inside the United States.
A Guest Worker program would free up enforcement and border-control resources to focus on protecting the American homeland from terrorist attack.
Immigration makes security stronger, not weaker: 'immigrants provide a bridge to world understanding, helping to counter anti-American sentiment.' -
According to
73% of Republican and 77% of Democratic congressmen and senators said they would support guest-worker legislation
Senators co-sponsoring Guest Worker legislation:
Rep. Jim Kolbe, Sen. John McCain, Rep. Jeff Flake introduced a guest-worker bill in 2003.
Senator Chuck Hagel and Tom Daschle's Senate Immigration Reform Act (S. 2010) of 2004.
John McCain (R. - Ariz) and Ted Kennedy (D-Mass) jointly drafted a Guest Worker bill that Arlen Specter then made central in the legislation the his Judiciary Committee then sent onto a Senate vote in S. 2611:
Senators John Cornyn (R-Texas) and Jon Kyl (R-Ariz.)
Other Key Senators vocally supporting a Guest Worker program:
Rep. Nancy Pelosi
Rep. Jim Kolbe, Sen. John McCain, Rep. Jeff Flake introduced a guest-worker bill.
Major Think-Tanks:
Cato Institute
Brookings Institute
Interest and Advocacy Groups:
National Immigration Forum
Hispanic Alliance for Progress
The Association for the Advancement of Mexican Americans
The Latino Coalition
Major business groups are generally supportive of a Guest Worker program
National Association of Home Builders (NAHB)
U.S. Chamber of Commerce
Scholarly books supporting a Guest Worker program:
Mike Davis' No One Is Illegal (2006)
Mexico
Council on Foreign Relations 2/21/06
The basic argument that a guest worker program is amnesty:
Americans for Immigration Control '06
Arguments that a guest worker program is still amnesty even if a fine is paid by illegal immigrants for having broken the law:
Key players that term a guest worker program amnesty:
Sen. Bill Frist (R-TN)
Rep J.D. Hayworth (R-AZ)
Rep. Steve King (R-Iowa)
The [guest worker] bill gives these temporary workers some preferential rights that American citizen workers do not have.
Amnesty/guest-worker is unjust to the millions of people who complied with our immigration laws, stood in line, and patiently waited their turn to win legal residence in the United States. -
Washington Post Op-Ed 3/26/06, Tamar Jacoby, Senior Fellow of the Manhattan Institute
Argument that a guest worker program will immorally create a second-class citizenry:
Many union and advocacy groups are complaining a guest worker policy will contribute to further exploitation and poorer working conditions for illegal immigrants. -
Justin Akers Chacon, coauthor of No One is Illegal Socialist Worker 4/7/06
Low-skilled labor is not compatible with America's 21st century economic objectives.
A guest worker amnesty program will perpetuate noncompetitive business practices.
Philip Martin of UC Davis and Michael Teitelbaum, "The Mirage of Mexican Guest Workers," Nov/Dec 2001 Foreign Affairs.
Arguments that a guest worker program would deprive Americans of jobs that they are willing to do:
There is no labor shortage, rather a shortage of employers who feel they should have to pay decent wages.
There are no jobs Americans won't do.
Argument that a guest worker program would depress American wages:
Argument that we don't need more foreign workers, and that the low unemployment rate in the US through 2006 was misleading because so many weren't even looking for work:
An assessment of the economic, tax burden, and welfare system costs of the immigrant influx that would result from a guest worker and path to citizenship program:
Philip Martin of UC Davis and Michael Teitelbaum, "The Mirage of Mexican Guest Workers," Nov/Dec 2001 Foreign Affairs.
Center for Immigration Studies study concluded that The total net cost of the 1986 IRCA amnesty (direct and indirect costs of services and benefits to the former illegal aliens, less their tax contributions) amounted to over $78 billion in the ten years following the amnesty, according to the Colorado Alliance for Immigration Reform (CAIR)
Cheap labor isn't cheap; it's subsidized.
The benefit for a guest worker program goes to big business; the cost is borne by society at large
Argument that a Guest Worker program would be unfair to low-income US workers because it would provide guest workers with higher wages in some cases:
Argument that the Guest Worker program gives too much favor to bringing in low-skilled immigrants:
Argument that a guest worker program would increase illegal immigration flows, rather than decrease them:
The government can't even manage the current immigration work load.
Cristian Science Monitor 1/27/04
There's nothing as permanent as a temporary worker.
Philip Martin of UC Davis and Michael Teitelbaum, "The Mirage of Mexican Guest Workers," Nov/Dec 2001 Foreign Affairs.
France and Germany have already demonstrated the folly of a guest-worker economy.
Cristian Science Monitor 1/27/04
America for Immigration Control '06
Washington Post Op-Ed, Tamar Jacoby 3/26/06, Senior Fellow at the Manhattan Institute
Contention that a guest worker program has existed in the U.S. for some time in H2-A visas, but that very few signed up:
Opponents on both sides of the general immigration debate say that guest-worker programs are destined to fail. -
Washington Times '03
Summary of demographic concerns by
Estimates of a substantial population increase resulting from a Guest Worker program:
Heritage Foundation estimates 62 million over twenty years
Claim that a Guest worker program would (and has) led to the legalization of terrorists:
Colorado Alliance for Immigration Reform CAIR
Polls indicating American rejection of Guest Worker program:
According to the Federation for American Immigration Reform (FAIR) 02/06
NBC/Wall St. Journal poll (March 10-13, 2006)
Voice (and protests) of the Immigrant American working class:
Republicans and Conservatives more commonly oppose a guest worker program.
58 percent of Republican Senators voted No on the Kennedy-McCain bill.
88 percent of Republican House Members voted Yes on the Sensenbrenner H.R. 4437 bill, which clearly opposed a guest worker program
Bill Frist
Sen John Cornyn (R-TX)
Tom Tancredo (R - Col)
Divisions remain among the Democratic rank and file [over a Guest Worker program].
Democrat Senate Minority Leader Harry Reid blocked debate on Guest Worker legislation in April, 2006, some believe because labor (AFL-CIO) opposed a Guest Worker program:
Major Think-Tanks opposing a guest worker program:
Heritage Foundation
Center for Immigration Studies
Interest and Activist groups opposed to a guest worker program:
AFL-CIO is opposed.
FAIR Federation for American Immigration Reform
CAIR Colorado Alliance for Immigration Reform
Primary scholarly works opposed to a guest worker program:
Philip Martin of UC Davis and Michael Teitelbaum, "The Mirage of Mexican Guest Workers," Nov/Dec 2001 Foreign Affairs.
Philip Martin of UC Davis and Michael Teitelbaum, "The Mirage of Mexican Guest Workers," Nov/Dec 2001 Foreign Affairs.
