Should Turkey be given membership in the EU?
Turkey is part of Europe
There is no obvious and widely accepted geographical definition of Europe
Turkey has worked hard to befriend the EU
Turkey is already a member of major Western/European organizations
Turkey is a fully secular state with a predominantly Muslim population.
Opposing Turkey's admission on the basis of Europe's Christian heritage is wrong.
Turkey's EU admission would provide religious balance in Europe.
EU membership would help strengthen democracy in Turkey
Turkey has made significant reforms to gain EU membership
Turkey has improved its treatment of Kurds to gain EU membership
A growing EU reduces the significance of Turkey's size and population:
Turkey's proximity to conflict zones would not endanger the EU.
EU membership for Turkey would help liberalize the Middle East
Turkey membership will help advance EU interests in the Middle East
Turkey's EU membership would help the fight against terrorism
Turkey's membership would economically benefit the EU
Turkey's large population offers a strong market for EU goods
Admission to the EU will generate greater investments in Turkey.
EU membership will improve the standard of living in Turkey
The EU has welcomed poorer entrants before without disaster:
Turkish labor market would benefit EU
Turkey was promised a chance to join the EU at the Helsinki summit (1999)
By breaking its promises, the EU may turn Turkey into an enemy.
That Turkey needs to reform should not block its admission to the EU.
Genocide allegations irrelevant to Turkey EU membership
Turkey has acted according to EU wishes in Cyprus
Majority of Turkish people want EU membership
Turkey is not a European country
Admitting Turkey leads to a slippery slope of non-European admissions
Admitting Turkey distracts from fully unifying Europe in the EU
Membership in other organizations is immaterial.
Admitting Turkey to the EU would cause the Islamisation of Europe
Most opposition to Turkish membership is unrelated to Christian club in EU
Turkey's government and politics has Islamist elements:
Turkey EU membership should have nothing to do with religion.
Turkey does not have a stable democracy and has a poor human rights record:
EU admission undermines Turkey's democratic example to Middle East
Turkey size would give it too much voting power in the EU
Turkey's admission would expose the EU to new conflicts and dangers.
Turkish membership would increase terrorist threats in EU
The EU will never be able to integrate Turkey economically:
Turkey is too poor and underdeveloped to join the EU
Turkey is likely to be a major funding strain on the EU
Turkey doesn't have to join the EU
EU should not admit Turkey to gain young immigrant workers
EU membership would cause a damaging influx of Turkish immigrants
The EU never promised membership to Turkey.
Turkey deserves a privileged partnership with the EU; not membership
Admitting Turkey undermines European values.
It is principally wrong to admit Turkey.
EU states strongly opposed to Turkey's admission should not be dragged along
The majority of Europeans oppose Turkey's accession to the EU
Majority of Germans oppose Turkey EU membership
Turkish membership may cause a backlash among EU publics.
