Should I go to law school?
Law degree is perhaps the most versatile degree
Legal training is a very transferable skill
Huge variety of legal fields to choose from.
A J.D. opens opportunities in political/govt work
J.D. enables legislative drafting, analysis, lobbying
Law degree can be used for corporate in-house counsel
J.D. can be used for nonprofit lawyering
Lawyers can teach law subjects in schools
Lawyers can handle legal issues in bar associations and universities
J.D.'s can work in industries surrounding lawyers
Law school is better than most alternatives
Many lawyers break free with own practices, firms
JD is best degree for advancing career in govt/leg
Lawyers belong to a kind of club of other lawyers
Broad overview of pros of being a lawyer
Law school and lawyering can pay incredibly well
Law school offers chance at high pay; other paths don't.
Many do win at law school and with lucrative careers.
Many non-top-tier law students still win in careers
Law degree empowers individuals to excel in their field
Law degree is a good means of job security
Law degree helps business people better negotiate deals
Law degree value exceeds lawyer salary
Law firms recovering from 2008-2010 crisis and hiring
More corps are hiring law students directly to in-house.
Local law schools can be ideal for local practice
Law degree is a very good investment.
Not everyone incurs significant debts from law school.
Law school offers invaluable perspective.
Law school educates future leaders.
Law school teaches people to think like lawyers.
Law school and lawyering are about problem solving
Law school educates for wide-ranging careers.
Law school teaches important cases affecting real lives
Law school teaches intersection of biz, govt, society
Law schools is a good way to help people.
Lawyers have rewarding role of upholding justice.
Law schools empowers individuals to make social change
Lawyers empowered to check large companies, govts.
Successfully defending innocent clients is very rewarding.
Lawyers are part of important advocacy system, rule of law
Lawyers help reduce conflict and discord in society
High pay of legal profession can add to happiness.
Always new things to learn as a lawyer.
New lawyers can gain credibility/responsibility quickly.
Legal arguing/writing can be creative/beautiful.
Helping clients can be a very rewarding thing.
Lawyers are generally honest, fair people
Many hugely successful people started with a law degree
Law practice offers constant variety.
Law school aids in personal and professional decision-making
Law jobs, like all careers, have pros and cons.
Alternative law schedules less time consuming, more flexible
Law school teaches you how to think like a lawyer
Practicing law is more art than science.
Lawyers must teach clients complicated subjects
Law school is a good way to pursue specific subjects.
Law school is good for those that enjoy thinking analytically.
Legal practice exercises a wide array of skills.
Lawyers often must think theoretically and creatively.
Practicing the law can be very exhilarating
Dissecting and winning arguments is exciting.
Legal work environments can be very collegial
Diversity in law fits diversity of personalities
J.D. is not all purpose degree; it's for lawyers
If you don't want to be a lawyer, don't go to law school
Three years of law school has huge opportunity cost
Many lawyers are successful outside of law, but so are others
The bar is very hard; you might not pass
More competition for fewer law jobs
Lawyers often have to over-specialize.
Higher paying law jobs harder, less fulfilling
Only top-10 law school students get good jobs
Lawyers often make far less than they thought they would
Law schools often exaggerate job/salary prospects.
Law practice is more saturated and competitive now.
Weak economy undermines ROI for law degree.
Short-term law careers undermine law school investment.
Law school is a bad investment
Debt of law school limits opportunities
Law school is extremely hard and time consuming
Law students are highly stressed and often unhappy
Law school social scene is minimal
Final exams in law school are brutal
Public interest legal jobs are underpaid
Public interest legal work is not much more interesting
Public interest legal work has moral dilemmas too
Law school is not best way to make social change
Idealistic law students usually find corporate law is only option
Lawyers too in debt to advocate for the little guy
Lawyers are usually unhappy
No light at end of tunnel for successful students, attorneys.
Successful lawyers encounter golden handcuffs
Don't go to law school just because others do
Lawyers suffer from high divorce rates
Lawyers suffer from alcoholism and drug use
Big Law lawyers can't have much of a life outside of work.
Work hours at law firms are insane
Billing system in law firms makes for long hours
Lawyers are always beholden to clients' demands.
Law practice cultivates intellectual dishonesty
Law cultivates pettiness more than intellectualism
Lawyers rarely engage in intellectual work
Law firm work is very boring
Legal work requires sitting at a desk for long hours.
Lawyers rarely see the inside of courtrooms
Lawyers can be jerks; very hard to compete against
Lawyers can be jerks; very hard to work with.
Clients are a frustrating part of law practice
Law school cultivates arrogance
Lawyers become uninteresting people
The legal practice breeds impatience in life
Legal practice breeds aggressiveness
Getting a job in legal acadamia is almost impossible
