Should the military be allowed to recruit in public schools?
The military actively strives for honesty among recruiters
Students should know about options/benefits in military.
Military can be best opportunity to get college education.
The military has a compelling story to tell to youth.
Military recruiters encourage discipline and hard-work.
Military recruiters aren't forcing anyone to do anything
Young people aren't stupid, understand risk of joining military.
OK to inform kids so when 18, they can decide.
Military recruiters are the nation's first line of defense
Recruiters are necessary element of all-volunteer force
On-campus recruiting gives military access to best/brightest.
Barring military recruiters is a snub to the military.
Banning military recruiters violates free speech rights.
Schools can deny military; they just won't get govt money.
Public schools can oppose military, but must offer equal access.
If other recruiters allowed, military should be too.
Denying recruiters is not a protected form of expressive speech.
Recruiters raise general awareness about military.
Military provides important role in disadvantaged communities
Individuals can opt-out of giving information to recruiters.
Recruiters mislead kids about military service
Military recruiters often harass kids to join
Military uses sophisticated persuasion techniques on kids.
Pressure/quotas on recruiters incentivizes misconduct.
Military recruiting wrongly makes violence appear cool.
Recruiters there to persuade, not provide information.
17-year-olds Not Ready to Join
Teenagers not developed enough to choose service.
Military should not recruit youth that can't vote/judge.
Schools should not be feeder systems for military/war.
Young are vulnerable to problems in military service.
Military shouldn't recruit those under military age.
Military recruiting in high schools is not essential.
Military recruits for wars that cut school budgets.
Free speech applies to citizens, not govt/military.
Forcing schools to accept recruiters violates their free speech rights.
Military is different than other career-field recruiting.
Non-military recruiters lack similar resources for recruiting.
Military recruiters have unprecedented access in schools.
Military recruiters wrongly have access to student info.
Military does not equate educationally disadvantaged students necessarily as good soldiers.
Military wrongly targets disadvantaged communities.
Military should not be able to collect info on students.
