Is the No Child Left Behind education law in America a good policy and worth continuing?
No Child Left Behind offers valuable measure of student progress
Standardized testing sets useful baseline achievement standards.
NCLB has succeeded in improving test scores
Standardized tests ensures students learn essential information.
Standardized test info is more essential than music and arts.
NCLB tests what is testable; art and music is not testable.
Schools should teach test-information as well as arts etc
Standards enables students to integrate well into new schools.
NCLB encountered some problems due to low funding
NCLB testing helps reveal and change failing teaching methods.
No Child Left Behind fosters accountability in public schools
NCLB has safeguards for schools that are failing despite proficiency.
No Child Left Behind draws, keeps, motivates good teachers
Most teachers are honest and will not cheat the system under NCLB.
NCLB ensures disabled students are not left behind
NCLB flexibly allows disabled to take separate exams
No Child Left Behind offers choice to leave failing schools
No Child Left Behind encourages parents to engage more actively
Statewide standards are an improvement over major local failures:
No Child Left Behind offers flexibility at state, local level
States are free to opt out of No Child Left Behind
NCLB testing is done more widely with greater effect
NCLB helps narrow the achievement gap for minorities.
There is nothing wrong with military recruiting.
There is strong public support for No Child Left Behind
NCLB funds faith-based orgs for supplemental education
Standardized tests poorly measure real student learning
NCLB testing wrongly assumes all children are the same.
NCLF does not track progress of individual students
No Child Left Behind motivates unfortunate teaching to the test
No Child Left Behind over-emphasizes math and reading
No Child Left Behind does not inspire a love of learning.
NCLB raises standards and testing without improving education
No-Child-Left-Behind detracts from the education of the gifted
NCLB gets teachers to over-focus on those just below passing
No Child Left Behind increases dropout rates.
NCLB standardized tests are a poor measure of school performance
No Child Left Behind reveal nothing new about school performance
Teachers are not necessarily to blame for poor student performance.
No Child Left Behind does nothing to improve teachers
NCLB damages teacher morale, future of profession
NCLB sets overly restrictive qualifications for teaching.
NCLB counter-productively punishes teachers/schools
NCLB ridgedly punishes schools that are progressing, albeit slowly
Teachers want to be held accountable, just not to tests.
NCLB causes the retention of students in grades to avoid tests.
NCLB causes schools to turn-away most needy students.
NCLB wrongly cuts funding to the most needy, under-performing schools.
NCLB demands too much from schools with worst students, least funding.
No Child Left Behind motivates teachers to cheat
No Child Left Behind subjects disabled to same test standards.
School choice in NCLB will make bad schools worse.
Good not failing students students will leave under NCLB.
Failing schools will not accept failing students.
No Child Left Behind exerts too much federal power over states.
No Child Left Behind encourages states to set low standards
Education standards between states are inconsistent under NCLB
NCLB damages relationship/accountability of schools to community.
Standardized tests may have cultural biases.
No Child Left Behind lacks non-English tests.
No Child Left Behind effectively penalizes diversity in schools.
Facilitating military recruitment through NCLB is wrong
NCLB sets the conditions for the privatization of failing schools.
No Child Left Behind violates separation of church and state.
