Should judges be elected?
Elections make judges more democratically accountable
Elected judges are more in tune with public opinion
Judicial elections are far more transparent than appointments.
Voters will ensure elected judges uphold the rule of law
Judicial elections elevate debate and awareness of judiciary
Elected judge conflicts of interests can be sufficiently regulated
Correlation b/w interests of donors and judges doesn't prove corruption.
Appointment of judges is more prone to corruption than elections.
Unelected judiciaries are prone to recklessly expanding their powers.
It is up to the people to decide which judges merit election.
Screening can help ensure judicial candidates have sufficient merit.
Judicial elections are more competitive, open, and fair
Legal hierarchy surrounding appointments is not a meritocracy.
Election of judges does not inherently require partisanship.
Appointed judges are identified with the party of the appointer.
Judicial elections need not be designed as partisan.
Unelected judges lack authority need by co-equal branch of govt.
Electing judges has the appearance of public legitimacy.
Elected judges wrongly interpret public opinion over the law
Election of judges bows to tyranny of the majority.
Judges can be made accountable without elections.
Many officials are appointed; why not judges as well?
Judges are appointed/confirmed by elected officials, democratically.
General statements against the election of judges
Voters don't have enough info to pick the best judges
Judges cannot voice their opinions, so how can voters decide?
Election of judges delegitimizes their role
Elections damage trust in impartiality of judges
Elected justices are corruptly influenced by campaign funders
Donors influence judges' decisions; not issue of common philosophy
Lawyers may fund judge campaigns to influence trials
Elected judges increase the influence of special interests
Elected judges bring hassle of regulating conflicts of interests
Impossible to avoid big-money influence in judicial elections
Appointed judiciaries are more independent to check other branches
Elections and campaigning distracts judges from responsibilities
Political style will replace merit with election of judges
Elections frequently unseat experienced, and seat inexperienced, judges.
Judicial elections are known to produce inferior judiciaries
Merit, not money, should sway judicial elections
Political style will replace merit with election of judges
Lawyers are not free to campaign against judges
Democracies have no obligation to merit.
Elections pressure judges to craft positions to win votes
Elected judges are effectively forced to join political parties
Judiciary is weaker; should not be stronger by elections
Rulings of elected judges are weakened by concerns of bias
Election of judges has appearance of judges selling influence.
The public has less respect for politician judges.
Very few countries have judicial elections; reducing its legitimacy.
