Is colonizing the Moon a good idea?
Colonizing Moon is first step in colonizing space
Moon colonization similarly important as colonizing America
Moon colonization satisfies human desire to explore
Moonbase would be ideal staging area for space exploration
Moon colony would feel comforted by site of large Earth.
Artificial gravity can overcome health risks on Moonbase.
Moonbase advances knowledge of human viability on alien planets.
Low-gravity Moon would be healthier for elderly
Colonizing the Moon would test new technologies along with testing space colonization.
Colonizing the Moon is a good test for colonizing Mars.
Moonbase could be used to launch rockets on mission to Mars.
Moon base would spark public interest in Mars mission.
Colonizing the Moon is critical for human survival
Moon colony could be safeguard against asteroids
The proximity of the Moon to Earth makes it ideal to colonize
A colony at the Lunar north pole would avoid temperature extremes.
Existing holes and lunar caves can serve as basis for a moon-base.
A colony at the Lunar north pole could rely on solar energy.
Moonbase need not mean permanent colonization for visitors
Water is present on the Moon
Colonized Moon could export mineral resources to Earth
Colonizing Moon will foster space commercialization
Moonbase will help answer remaining scientific questions
The Moon would be ideal site for a space observatory.
Moon is ideal for extra-terrestrial discovery
A manned presence on the Moon is superior to a robotic one
Colonizing Moon will improve cooperation between countries
There are too few practical reasons to colonize the Moon
Colonizing Moon is just about funding for NASA
Moon's gravity is too low for human health
Children would not develop properly in low-gravity Moon colony
Colonizing the Moon is not a logical step toward Mars
Moon colonization distracts from protecting against asteroids
Human survival is ensured by fighting global warming, not Moonbase.
The Moon lacks materials for self-sufficiency.
Moon dust is an extremely abrasive substance.
A moon colony would be at extreme risk of meteor strikes.
Temperature extremes make colonizing the Moon very challenging.
Colonizing the Moon would be too expensive to justify
Growing crops on the moon faces many difficult challenges.
Too few scientific reasons to colonize the Moon
Manned mission to Moon less cost-effective than robotic missions
Knowledge of Moon extensive; colonization adds little
Manned mission to Moon less cost-effective than robotic mission
Territorial claims on the Moon will become a source of conflict.
International interest in returning to Moon is limited
