Should govts mandate that people buy private health insurance, or face penalties?
Mandates counteract insurers denying coverage to the unhealthy
Uninsured increase costs for all; mandates are appropriate.
Uninsured degrade care for all; mandates appropriate
Mandates limit freedoms of few to protect freedoms of many
Mandates protect taxpayers from burden of uninsured
Mandates are best way to get to universal coverage
General statements in favor of health insurance mandates
Mandatory insurance can be subsidized for the struggling
The struggling uninsured can be exempted from penalties.
The struggling can be exempted from insurance mandate.
Mandatory health insurance ensures appropriate pooling of risk
W/o mandates insurers focus on risk instead of costs
Mandates include young and healthy, spread risk and costs
Mandating insurance does not constitute a tax increase
Health insurance mandates need not be perfectly enforced to be effective.
Mandatory health insurance has strong bipartisan support
Health insurance mandates preserve markets, limit govt
Mandatory health insurance is analogous to mandatory car insurance
MA insurance mandates are performing pretty well
Mandates are less radical than a single-payer system.
Mandates send stronger signal than automatic but voluntary enrollment.
Employers should be required to offer insurance to employees
Mandatory insurance violates right of individual judgement
Mandatory insurance violates right to engage in contracts
Uninsured free-riders are no big problem; mandates unnecessary
Mandates will not produce universal care as many will not comply
Premise of insurance mandates, that health care is a right, is false
Punishing uninsured further harms struggling
Mandate deters uninsured from going to hospital, receiving penalty
Mandating health insurance is socially regressive
Insurance mandates require costly government subsidies
Insurance mandates force citizens to buy special-interest benefits
Only markets, not mandates, reduce cost of insurance
Mandatory health insurance is like a tax on just being alive
Mandatory health insurance cannot be effectively enforced
Less government, not more, is answer for uninsured
Health insurance mandates do not foster responsibility
Mandates in society are very rare and exceptional
Auto insur. mandate is for other drivers, not like health insur. mandate
Auto insur. mandate is avoidable, unlike health insur. mandate
Auto insurance is quid pro quo for license to drive.
Mandatory health insurance has failed in Massachusetts
Mandates unnecessary in a single-payer system
Automatic-enrollment is better alternative to insurance mandates
Insurance mandates violate the rights of employers.
Insurance mandates should be placed on individuals if anything.
