Which is the superior alternative: civil unions or gay marriage?
Civil unions give gays equal benefits w/o changing marriage laws
Civil unions are not separate, but unequal if heterosexuals can do it
Homosexuality is wrong along with equal rights by gay marriage.
General statements in favor of civil unions over gay marriage
Homosexuals have the same right to marry members of the opposite sex
Gay marriage violates freedoms of religious groups
Many opponents of gay marriage are tolerant of civilian unions
Civil unions would give gays all the benefits of marriage
Many laws already give civil unions equal benefits as marriage.
Civil unions can be pushed to include equal benefits as marriage
Marriage should be defined as between a man and a woman
Gay marriage undermines the institution of marriage.
Civil unions avoid drawn out culture war on gay marriage
Gay marriages violates religious freedoms
Civil unions give what matters: equal benefits not marriage
Civil union couples can say they're married
Civil unions are a reasonable compromise and way forward
Gay marriage is unlikely now; civil unions are a practical step
Civil unions are a positive step toward gay marriage
Civil unions will make people comfortable with idea of gay marriage
The Bible defines marriage as between only a man and woman.
Gay marriage violates religious freedoms
If the government affects the religious term of marriage it is in violation.
The right to marry is a basic human right
Civil unions are separate, but not equal
Civil unions still separate, but equal if straights can do it.
Civil unions invite second-class treatment and discrimination
Civil unions have to be explained; unequal status with marriage
Civil couples meet greater legal complications than married gays
Civil unions are not necessarily recognized out of state
Partners can only make medical decisions in the registered state.
Civil partners can only file taxes in registered state.
Civil partners must pay federal taxes on transfered gifts.
Civil partners must pay federal taxes on death benefits.
Marriage has always evolved; should now include gays
Marriage is not reserved solely for those that can reproduce
Gay marriage does not harm heterosexual marriages
Gay marriage is a negligible change to institution of marriage
Gays can only undermine marriage if seen as morally depraved
By offering alternative, civil unions undermine marriage
Success rate of gay marriages is an inappropriate criteria
Word marriage is symbolic, should not be denied to gays
You cannot ask a lover, will you civil union me?.
Civil union compromise is inappropriate half-step to equality
Civil unions make it harder to pass gay marriage
If gays get civil unions, why withhold marriage?
Denying gays marriage is not justified on religious grounds
Marriage is more than a religious practice.
Children of civil couples are not protected by child-support laws.
Gay parents have weaker custody right without marriage
Civil couples cannot sponsor spouses or family for citizenship.
