Should everyone have to carry a national identity card?
Identity cards are a just measure for governments to take to effectively regulate access.
Improved enforcement of laws with identity cards will help in the analysis and enhancement of laws:
Identity cards would place personal information under more accountable government regulation
Past abuse of identity cards would not occur in modern liberal democracies.
Law-abiding citizens should have nothing to fear from ID cards.
National IDs would be better for national security than reliance on driver's license IDs
ID cards would reduce instances of invasive strip searches
New technologies make it unnecessary to restrict identification to card form, reducing the potential for inconveniences.
Modern smart-cards could reduce the need for users to carry multiple cards.
Identity cards would be less physically bulky than passports for verification in banks or at national borders.
Identity cards could save lives in a medical emergency.
Identity cards enable fast quick ownership or eligibility verification.
One's identity should not be linked to access keys such as a driver's license.
False identification may be reduced where identity cards are required to open a bank account.
Technology enhanced ID cards would make forgery much more difficult.
Key-holding devices can use biometrics ONLY for accessing the set of keys inside, limiting risk of privacy leakage.
ID cards could be used as a tool to deny illegal immigrants access to mainstream financial systems.
Identity cards can increase administrative efficiency.
National ID cards would violate citizens' right to privacy
Identity cards create too many openings to police abuse.
Identity cards are contrary to the maxim: the government that governs best, governs least.
Identity cards have been used oppressively historically
Most national ID schemes do not take into account legitimate reasons for concealing identity.
Disparate management of ID card databases would be a security vulnerability.
A national ID card will make America less secure
It is unreasonable to expect people to carry a specific card on their person at all times
It is demeaning to be reduced to a series of data on an ID card
Many law-abiding people choose to reinvent themselves under new identities for a wide range of reasons.
Single ID cards hold greater incentives for forgery than separate access cards.
There is little evidence that identity cards will reduce crime.
ID cards should not be directed toward solving illegal immigration, an exaggerated problem.
A national ID is unnecessary as other ther forms of documentation have proven adequate.
The cost of introducing and administering an identity card system can be very high.
