Should assisted suicide be legalized?
The right to life includes a right to die.
Opponents of euthanasia erroneously argue that human death is always wrong; exceptions exist.
Right to die allows opponents to not participate.
Sanctity-of-life ideologies trample the lives of the dying that call for euthanasia.
Euthanasia doctors don't kill, they help individuals die who want to
The state can't stop people from defining their existence and choosing death
There is no compelling state interest in preventing euthanasia
Criminalizing euthanasia violates the right to equal protection
Individuals have a right to die when life becomes excruciating or undignified
Forcing a person to stay on life support in excruciating pain is cruel
Euthanasia can be appropriate when a person is no longer themselves.
Individuals have a right to hasten death, not merely to refuse treatment
Removing life support causes an excruciating death; euthanasia is more humane
Euthanasia is better than non-treatment ways to shorten lives and end suffering
Life can be prolonged unnaturally; euthanasia is a necessary cut-off option
When life can only continue unnaturally, unnatural euthanasia is OK
Euthanasia doctors don't kill, they help individuals die who want to
Trained physicians are qualified to aid patients in decision to die
The antiquated text of the Hippocratic oath should not prevent euthanasia
Doctors are obligated to reduce patient suffering by enabling euthanasia
Doctors are often put into an impossible position of denying requests to assist in suicide.
Doctor will not be alone in choosing euthanasia; family, patient, and a third party regulator will be included.
If an individual doctor opposes euthanasia, another one can perform the procedure.
Euthanasia helps families that don't want to see their loved one suffer.
Euthanasia is a family decision, not a state decision
Euthanizing disabled persons is a family decision not a state one
Most people that believe euthanasia is wrong never sat by a bed side.
Legalizing euthanasia would allow more open family dialogue on the choice.
Third party euthanasia regulators can ensure against abuse (family, doctor...)
Euthanasia will not create a slippery slope to legal murder
Euthanasia abuses are less likely if practice is brought into open.
Eligibility for euthanasia requires that patients meet strict criteria.
History does not suggest doctors coerce patients into euthanasia
Third party euthanasia regulators can ensure against abuse (family, doctor...)
Disabled would have to seek euthanasia in order to receive it
Euthanasia would not deny protections for disabled against murder
History does not suggest euthanasia leads to murder of disabled
Government can adequately regulate euthanasia in cases involving disabled
Evidence suggests that the majority of disabled support euthanasia
Regulations lower risks of euthanasia causing disabled to be viewed as valueless
Denying the disabled the right to die will cause them painful deaths
Poor people that can't afford health care won't then seek euthanasia
Hospitals won't re-focus resources on euthanizing the disadvantaged
Euthanasia is mainly utilized by non-vulnerable, well-educated groups
Assisted suicide increases interest in improving end-of-life care
There is no reason why euthanasia would damage palliative care
Euthanasia can only be performed after exhausting palliative options
Third party euthanasia regulators can ensure against abuse (family, doctor...)
Euthanasia is not fundamentally driven by a desire to cut costs
Euthanasia would reduce health care costs
Religious opposition to Euthanasia should not be considered in law
Euthanasia is contrary to the dignity and preciousness of life
Dignity of human life must override any individual will to be euthanized
The state does not force anyone to stay alive; it just doesn't euthanize
There is no comparison between a presumed right to die and other rights
Nobody has the right to take another's life, including with euthanasia
Euthanasia is different than taking a life in self-defense; the life is innocent.
It is a moral duty to attempt to prevent suicide in general; euthanasia too.
Life is an intrinsic good that cannot be traded in to end suffering
Euthanasia is falsely based on the idea that the ill can lose their identity
If Euthanasia is for 6-month terminal patients, why not let them live it out?
Pain can't justify euthanasia, it can be made tolerable with modern medicines
People should not be euthanized because they are in a drugged state
Assisted suicide makes everyone think they can do suicide on their own.
While a right to refuse treatment may exist, a right to assisted suicide does not
Withdrawing life-support should not be to end life, but for other purposes
The alternative to euthanasia is a natural death without life support.
Euthanasia is not a natural death, or as God intended.
Euthanasia gives too much power to doctors to kill
The first promise of the Hippocratic oath is to never euthanize patients
Euthanasia contradicts the physicians fundamental role as healer
Physicians can never be obligated to facilitate euthanasia
Euthanasia violates the guiding principle of medical ethics is to do no harm
Legalizing euthanasia places an unreasonable burden on doctors
Families will abuse euthanasia merely to reduce family strains.
Family members may oppose the decision of a loved one to be euthanized.
The ill will feel pressure to seek euthanasia to avoid burdening family
Euthanasia creates a slippery slope to legal murder
Dutch doctors have abused legal euthanasia in their country
Difficult to ensure assisted suicide is voluntary
Euthanasia threatens vulnerable minority groups
Euthanasia will desensitize public to idea of killing to solve problems
Euthanasia threatens vulnerable disabled groups
Euthanasia threatens the vulnerable poor
Euthanasia option can disincentivize sound end-of-life palliative care
Euthanasia is driven by a cynical desire to cut health care costs
Euthanasia would not cut health care costs by very much
Many passages in the Bible indicate opposition to euthanasia
Opposition to euthanasia is not supported only be religious arguments
There is no precedent of support of Euthanasia in the United States
