Is evolution fact or fiction?
You have to define major variation, and if you mean speciation, it's because it takes MANY generations.  The fact is that cats+dogs+mice+cows simply have too long of a gestation and life-span for us to have watched them evolve in a controlled setting.  We're talking thousands
The Con side needs to explain what it means when it makes statements such as ones that increase the genetic information in the genome as opposed to deleting it or distorting it. Information needs to be defined. Which, for example, has more information out of the following; Hello
Far from undermining so-called Darwinism, the Duck-Billed Platypus is emphatic evidence in support of it.
No real proof of an animal ever changing into a different kind of animal.
Of the supposed transitional fossils that have been found, most of them have turned out to be frauds (such as Piltdown man), insufficient bones collected (a supposed missing link between apes and men in Nebraska turned out to be a pig's tooth), or otherwise explainable.
Dinosaur to bird evolution is often taken for granted as fact.
Perhaps the biggest problem with trying to use fossils to prove evolution is that there is more than one way of interpreting fossils.
Because the list of supposed transitional fossils is so long, a list of refutations of them would also be to extensive to include in full in this debate, however, www.answersingenesis.org covers many explanations of these transitional fossils.
The theory of evolution is based around the idea that creatures genetically mutate to survive better, but mutations (which are often caused by concentration of the gene pool due to competitors with less helpful-to-survival genes having died off) have actually only served to distort a species when they occur.
Since evolution would theoretically take so long to occur, there has been no recorded occurence of one species evolving into another in all human history.
We're not saying that species never go through any changes whatsoever (microevolution), we're only arguing that it is impossible for really drastic changes to happen.
Duplication does not add new information.
Not all creationists believe in the 6000 year old model of the age of the Earth.
Descent from the fittest does not necessarily mean improvement.
Evidence is neutral, and can be interpreted in more than one way.
The Duck- billed platypus is an excellent example of a living creature which completely undermines Darwinism.
Another thought provoker for evolutionists is the development of human languages.
