Should men found guilty of sex crimes be chemically castrated?
Castration of sex offenders has been effective
Castration subdues libido and psychological factors in predation.
Predation driven by sex more than aggressive psychology
Castration combined with treatment reduces recidivism risks.
Castration is better solution than temporary prison
Castration puts rights of victims over sex offenders
Not castrating sex offenders is barbaric to victims.
Sex predators are monsters who forgo most rights.
Outlawing castration risks rights of future victims.
Sexual assault is one of worst kinds; castration appropriate.
Castrating sex offenders reserved for rarest cases.
Castration is about helping, not hating/hurting offender.
Releasing sex offenders without castration is intolerably risky
Castration helps sex offender by freeing them of urges.
Castration is a humane alternative to life-long imprisonment.
Castrating sex offenders helps put public at ease.
Uncertainty supports chemical castration in all cases.
Castration saves money spent on treating offenders.
Reversibility of chemical castration important to law.
Plenty of examples of castration of sex offenders failing.
Sex offenders often driven by aggression more than sex drive
Boiling rape down to testosterone levels sends wrong message
One can commit rape without an erection.
Offenders could reverse chemical castration with other drugs.
Castration is not a medical necessity with sex offenders.
Castrating sex offenders denies right to reproduce.
Castrating sex offenders violates right to deny treatment.
Castrating sex offenders is barbaric
Sex offenders lose some rights but not all; castration crosses line
Castration violates due process and equal treatment (of genders).
Castration violates due process; eliminates possibility of redress.
Many offenders will seek castration merely to get out of jail.
Castration to get out of jail lacks informed consent
Innocent shouldn't face choice of more prison vs. castration.
Castrating sex offenders is cruel and unusual punishment.
Castration is about punishing offenders, not public safety.
Law functions on basis of non-physical punishment for crimes.
Sex offenders should be detained/monitored, not castrated.
Castrating offenders does not make them safe to release.
Castrating sex offenders less effective than psychotheraphy.
Any attempt to help offender may be soft on him.
Castration exposes sex offenders to side effects
Do those that can't stand side-effects go back to jail.
Castration would not end public anxiety.
Castrating sex offenders gives false sense of security on rape.
Making sex offenders come in for weekly injections is infeasible.
Surgical castration can't be avoided/overridden by offender.
