Should the Hijab be banned in schools, public buildings or society in general?
Religious freedom has limits; head scarves are outside of protections
Head scarves are not fundamental to Muslims expressing their faith.
Banning head scarves upholds equal treatment and opportunity
Muslim women opposition to veils is not adequately represented
A Muslim head scarf ban is important to preserving state secularism
Headscarves symbolize and foster the oppression of women
Women can better defy sexual oppression by uncovering themselves
Muslim head scarves do not foster a respect for the female body
Wearing the Hijab makes women more self-conscious, not less
The idea that women must wear headscarves to be dignified is offensive
Headscarves falsely presume that men can't contain sexual impulses
Headscarves make women sexual objects and increase predation
Banning wearing religious symbols makes discrimination more difficult
Muslims in the West need to embrace culture/head-scarf-ban
Banning head scarves is appropriate when along with other religious symbols.
Muslim women are pressured by social conventions to wear the Hijab
Choosing to wear head scarves merely internalizes oppression
Banning head scarves makes it easier for Muslim women to uncover
Separation of Church and State demands banning the hijab in public schools
Banning head scarves in schools protects children from being forced
Head scarf bans in schools protects children from religious indoctrination
The Hijab causes problems in schools, such as division and alienation.
Head scarves initiate other forms of oppression in school
Veil-wearing can make it very hard to identify individuals.
The Hijab disguises key features of an individual more than hats.
Head scarves are symbols of Muslim militancy
Approving of the Hijab approves its fundamentalist principles.
Banning Muslim head scarves will not cause fundamentalist backlashes
Allowing head scarves would foster a greater clash of civilizations
The French strongly support banning Muslim head scarves.
A head scarf ban violates the right to freedom of religion and expression
Wearing head scarves is unlike religious extremes such as stonings
Wearing head scarves does no harm and violates nobody's rights
Wearing the Hijab is protected by religious freedom under UN Charter.
Public bans on head scarves encourage private bans
Wearing the Hijab does no harm to other individuals.
A state does not jeopardize its secularism by allowing head scarves
France is hypocritical in head-scarf-ban secularism; funds Christian schools
Head scarves aren't about oppressing women; there are good reasons
Many Muslim women view the veil as a means to protect their modesty and privacy.
The Muslim veil liberates women from sexual attention.
Wearing the Muslim head scarf is an act of obedience to God.
Head scarves help Muslim women maintain their cultural identity.
Head scarves enable Muslim women to defy sexual oppressors
Wearing head scarves is often a political, not religious, act
Banning head scarves is an attack on Islam
Banning head scarves dehumanizes Muslims
Tolerance of head scarves exercises emotional compassion and peace
Muslim women often wear head scarves to protest racism
Banning the veil distracts from more pressing discrimination issues
Banning head scarves impairs the integration of Muslim communities
A head scarf ban will disproportionately impact Muslim girls
A head scarf ban can hinder/prevent Muslim women from marrying
Opposing Muslim head scarves is a pre-text to opposing immigration
Banning head scarves is worse than banning other religious symbols.
Banning other religious symbols is only a front for targeting Islam
A ban violates the rights of women who freely choose to wear veils
The state must allow for parental judgement on head scarves for children
Opponents should argue against head scarves, but a ban is excessive
Pressure to wear veils is fine; cultural pressure is universal
Muslim head-coverings help keep women safe.
Only the husband has the right to see a woman.
Head scarf ban in schools deprives Muslim women of right to education
Discriminating against Muslim forms of child-indoctrination is wrong
Banning head scarves in school is an egregious state intrusion
Banning head scarves in school won't break oppression
Banning head scarves in school stigmatizes Muslim communities
Schools make up problems about the hijab as an excuse for intolerance of Muslims.
Non-Muslim items of clothing conceal features of identity too.
Head scarf bans can cause resentment, violence, and even war
Head scarf ban has prevented Muslim women from obtaining passports
Head scarves are not symbols of Muslim extremism
Even if veils are extremist symbols, a ban won't help combat it
Banning head coverings provokes greater extremes of fundamentalism.
Bans on Muslim head scarves cause a backlash from the Muslim community
Many Muslims hide opposition to veil ban to avoid attacks from non-Muslims
