This House believes that countries should ban the import of goods produced by child labor
It is a duty to end child labor to defend access to education.
Child labour equals exploitation.
Even indirect support of child labour is immoral.
Right incentives.
Child labour is a severe problem.
Child labour worsens the status quo, thus has to be stopped.
Child labour is hamrful.
Multinationals exploit children
The ban in enforceable.
The ban can succeed.
Ban addresses some of the causes of child labour.
Consumer power has proven highly effective in the past
There is a political will.
Laws of supply and demand.
Child labour is economically ineffective.
Child workers and adults compete directly for jobs.
Children will not carry out more dangerous jobs.
Access to education.
Children are interested in education, but cannot afford it.
Parents recognize the value of education.
Parents want their children to aspire as high as possible.
Education is important for increased productivity.
Investment in education pays off.
People are willing to pay extra for child labour-free products.
Ban and micro credit loans are not mutually exclusive,
Microfinance products for aiding education exist,
Giving credit alleviates the child labor issue.
Microfinance can positively affect literacy rate.
The importance of microfinance access.
Trade and economic growth do not necessarily help.
Child labour is deeply rooted in certain cultures.
The ban is short-sighted.
The ban is hypocritical.
Ban on exports is harmful.
Poverty is the problem, not child labour.
Tradition is the problem, not child labour.
Child labour is a solution to poverty,
Stopping child labour causes no good.
The problem is minuscule.
The ban does not affect a significant portion of child labourers.
Laws concerning child labour are unenforceable.
Existing legislation is poorly implemented.
There are many causes of child labour, ban on exports does not solve them.
Consumer pressure is too weak to force change on social and economic issues:
Placing sanctions on some companies will merely shift child labour underground:
Ban on exports does not make sense.
The more demand there is, the more children work.
The ban on exports is ineffective.
Net positive income effect only where 3 conditions apply:
More dangerous jobs
Some job is better than no job at all.
Children's income is vital for families.
Export-oriented industries help the local children.
No link between child labour and school attendance.
Child labour is not an obstacle to education.
Domestic work is baring children from education.
Parents lack interest in education.
Parents have no incentives to send their children to school,
Children lack interest in education.
Ban will not help children get education.
Education is no cure-all.
Education is too costly.
Even best students cannot get a job in developing countries.
Lack of schools and teachers equals worse education.
Exponential increase in literacy does not bring work.
Poor quality of education.
Polls are unreliable.
A significant number of people did not believe in improved literacy.
Micro loans are not helpful.
Trade is better than barriers to export.
Economic sanctions are counterproductive.
Export opportunities help eradicate child labour.
