Should denial of the Holocaust be illegal?
Harm done by Holocaust denial exempts it from protections.
Holocaust denial psychologically harms Holocaust survivors
Holocaust deniers do further injustice to Holocaust victims
Holocaust denial is inherently descriminatory and damaging
Holocaust denial is hate speech, so can be outlawed.
Racist Holocaust denial is distinctly bad form of discrimination.
Outlawing Holocaust denial helps prevent resurgence of Nazism.
Holocaust deniers advance cause of post-War Nazi deniers.
Outlawing Holocaust denial is uniquely necessary in Europe
Criminalization protects against flood of Holocaust denial ads
Debating Holocaust implies there are two reasonable viewpoints.
Allowing debate on Holocaust fosters hate groups
Holocaust deniers are not persuaded by reason; penalties necessary.
The impressionable must be protected from holocaust denial.
Holocaust deniers are those calling it a hoax and Jewish conspiracy.
Holocaust denial is a unique exception to free speech.
Evidence is a precondition for an argument's legitimate presentation.
Holocaust denial opens doors to harmful, non-factual views
Imprisoning holocaust deniers justly muffles them.
Criminalization allows the international pursuit of holocaust deniers.
Criminalizing Holocaust denial is necessary to protect Israel
The cumulative evidence proves the Holocaust occurred
Testimonials attesting to the occurrence of the Holocaust
That there was no single master plan does not disprove the Holocaust
Gas chambers were used extensively in the Holocaust
Many documents from the Nazis and others prove Holocaust
Holocaust deniers' claim of no major loss of Jewish lives is false
Holocaust denial becomes increasingly threatening as witnesses die.
Criminilizing holocaust denial infringes free speech
Holocaust denial does not directly threaten the public.
Holocaust denial wrongly promotes some rights over others
Danger of public accepting holocaust denial should be fought by logic.
General statements against criminalizing Holocaust denial
Allowing Holocaust denial helps expose and deligitimize it
Outlawing denial makes Holocaust's occurrence seem suspect
Publics can reject holocaust denial without a ban
Ideas should not be banned just because they are dangerous.
Defining Holocaust denial is too difficult to outlaw it
Criminalizing holocaust denial opens slippery slope to oppression.
Outlawing Holocaust denial risks revisionists being called deniers
Holocaust denial gets undue attention because it is illegal.
Criminalizing Holocaust denial makes it more attractive
Holocaust denial cannot be criminal on basis of protecting Israel.
Various claims regarding the facts of the Holocaust.
