Should marijuana possession be decriminalized and made into a civil offense?
The scientific evidence indicates that cannabis is substantially less harmful than alcohol and should be treated not as a criminal issue but as a social and public health issue.
Marijuana possession is not an offense that warrants criminal procedures
Marijuana possession is not an offense on par with violent crime.
Judges don't usually incarcerate marijuana smokers because it's unreasonable.
Young people experimenting with Marijuana should not be haunted by criminal convictions.
Marijuana possession should not carry same criminal punishment as hard-drug possession.
Decriminalization might reduce possible the abuse of other illicit drugs.
Marijuana is a drug for life's losers
Marijuana decriminalization does not increase use
There is little evidence that Marijuana is a gateway drug
Marijuana is not addictive
Decriminalization of marijuana would reduce income earned by organized crime.
There is no evidence of Marijuana decriminalization increasing crime
Decriminalization would clean the underground pot sale.
Illegalization of marijuana possesion, trad or distribution keeps it much profitable and lure people to corrupt.
Decriminalization would reduce the high number of marijuana arrests
Decriminalizing marijuana would save law enforcement resources.
The funds saved from marijuana decriminalization could be used to enforce laws for other, more serious and violent crimes.
Fully decriminalizing marijuana to allow the cultivation and sale would generate a substantial amount of income from taxing marijuana sales.
A 2002 CNN/Time Magazine poll gave decriminalization 72% public support,
The majority of Americans support decriminalization.
Cannabis farms are run by serious organised criminal gangs
When illicit drugs are legalized, drug use increases.
Marijuana is a gateway drug to harder drugs.
Decriminalization would send conflicting messages to young people.
Marijuana is a drug for life's losers
Employers are forgiving of individuals convicted of marijuana crimes.
Police often reduce marijuana cases down to violations.
Threat of criminal charges can help leverage youth to enter rehabilitation programs.
Marijuana is addictive
Marijuana is a gateway drug
Decriminalizing Marijuana possession will increase its use
Increased crime The Drug Enforcement Administration (DEA) has claimed that marijuana leads to increased crime in the un-sourced pamphlet entitled Speaking Out Against Drug Legalization.
