Should gay marriage be legalized?
Definition of marriage can and should evolve to include gays
Marriage is about love/commitment; gays qualify
Many dictionaries include gays in marriage
Procreation is no prerequisite for marriage and excluding gays
Vows are about love, not reproduction; gays qualify
Marriage is about much more than kids; gays qualify
Gays can reproduce and start a family.
Gays cannot recklessly procreate as straights can
Gay marriage is no threat to procreation in overpopulated world
[[Argument: Marriage is a sign of affection and a symbol of further closeness and intimacy among two people. It shows love. As long as the two people have strong feelings for each other and wish to legitimise their relationship, why not? Sex and reproduction takes place in and out of marriages, just that only children born within a marriage is a legitimate child. However, who said marriage is for reproduction? Are you going to ban all couples from getting married if they don't want children?  Already the world's population is increasing at very high rates. There is no need to reproduce like flowers as required in the 20th century when growth was the most important.Please, move on to the 21st century.
How about washing?
Gay marriage should not be banned for tradition
Being unaccustomed to gay marriage is no argument
Gay marriage does not devalue institution of marriage
Gays strengthen marriage by desiring it
Gay marriage doesn't weaken desire of straights to marry
Gay marriage is no social experiment; it's tried and tested
Gay marriage is no worse for institution than other things
Straights have done more to weaken marriage than gays
Gay marriage would reduce pressure on gays to marry straight
Gay marriage slippery slope argument is scare-mongering
Gay marriage is a fundamental, equal right
Marriage ban makes gays second class citizens
Gay marriage is civil rights issue about ending hardships
Gay marriage ban is analogous to interracial marriage ban
All anti-gay-marriage arguments are ultimately anti-gay
Being married is a source of stability and commitment
Gay marriage encourages stable gay relationships/families
Marriage gives gays a sense of future, purpose, belonging
Benefits of marriage help gays stay together
Gay marriage is beneficial where it exists today
Gay marriage discrimination lacks compelling state interest
Gay marriage discrimination weakens community bonds
Gay spouses can helpfully adopt orphaned kids.
Children do not need male/female parent role models
Gay parenting is just as good as straight parenting
Gay marriage is separate issue from gay parenting
Quality of parenting should not be a factor against gay marriage
Children always benefit from two parents, gay or straight
Gays raise children now, but at a disadvantage w/o marriage
Gay marriage is a stable economic partnership
Marriage ban impairs ability of employers to attract gays
Benefits for gays are much better when in marriage
Marriage allows gays to see each other in hospitals.
Gays are taxpaying citizens, deserve marriage benefits
Religious arguments are unacceptable on civil gay marriages
Gay marriage is a civil, not religious, issue
Civil gay marriage doesn't limit Church rights to refuse marriages
Many faith groups welcome gay marriage
Religious rules apply only to those in that religion.
Bible offers poor model for defining marriage
Bible does not explicitly define marriage b/w man and woman
Gay marriage exists successfully in many countries
Public opinion should not effect right to gay marriage
See Debate: Civil unions vs. gay marriage  Civil unions are separate, but not equal
See Debate: Homosexuality Sample argument:  Homosexuals are born gay, have no choice
Marriage is defined as between a man and woman
Marriage can evolve, but only in context of man and woman
Marriage is celebrated because of the assumption of procreation
Marriage is mainly for reproduction; can't include gays
Marriage is not about love, but starting family
Marriage is categorically about procreation despite exceptions
Denying marriage to infertile would be too costly
Marriage is safety-net for accidental pregnancies (N/A for gays).
Gay marriage undercuts procreation at time of vulnerability
Gay marriage threatens cultural tradition of marriage
Yes.  This is why supporters of same-sex marriage do not fight to legalize polygamy
Gay marriage devalues the institution of marriage
Gay marriage devalues marriage, frequency of obtaining it
Gay marriage is a radical social experiment
Bad straight marriages don't excuse gay marriage
Gay marriage is slippery slope to polygamous marriage etc
Gays have no right to marry; neither do incestuous
Gay marriage is no private matter, but a public issue
Gay exclusion is just to protect procreative marriage
Free association
Gay marriage ban is incomparable to biracial ban
Opponents of gay marriage are not simply anti-gay
Gays can have stable relationships w/o marriage
Most gays don't care for marriage commitments.
Gay marriage does not help propagate society
Gay marriage does not help society; can't justify costs
Gay marriage wrongly legitimizes homosexuality
Children have a claim to biological parents
Diff b/w allowing gay parenting and sanctioning it w/ marriage
Gay marriage's legal benefits would strain taxpayers
Gays can already obtain most benefits of marriage
Civil unions offer same benefits as marriage
Laws are divinely inspired, depend on God's def of marriage
Churches should not have to offer gay marriage.
Legalizing gay marriage will incite attacks on Churches
The Catholic Church opposes gay marriage
Religious cases that marriage is between a man and woman
Acceptance of gay marriage should not be imposed on citizens
See Debate: Civil unions vs. gay marriage. Sample argument:  Civil unions offer same benefits as marriage
See Debate: Homosexuality  Homosexuality contradicts natural aim of sexuality
