Should Marijuana be legalized?
There is no evidence that marijuana decreases cognitive functions
Marijuana is no more harmful than tobacco and alcohol
Marijuana can have a beneficial mind-altering effect if used right
Weighing marijuana's mind-expansion against its costs is subjective.
Legalization would change drug consumption from a criminal to a health issue
Marijuana is not toxic to humans
Marijuana is not addictive
Marijuana can curb psychotic symptoms in people with schizophrenia
It is a myth that marijuana use can cause schizophrenia
Marijuana has many CONFIRMED medicinal uses.
Marijuana has been used in religious rites and rituals for thousands of years.
Individuals should be free to harm themselves.
People should be free to use marijuana as long as it harms no one else
The choice to use marijuana should be based on individual experience
If marijuana is harmful, isn't this sufficient punishment for users
Marijuana's social costs should not be arbitrarily discriminated against.
Marijuana is only unhealthy or risky when abused.
Use of Marijuana (illegally) is a choice.
Historic leaders would oppose social engineering on Marijuana-use
Judgement and common sense cannot be legislated.
Illegal marijuana forces consumers to interact with criminal underground
Illegal Marijuana directly produces socially deviant behavior.
What about the social ramifications of not legalizing marijuana?
Children have been brainwashed on high costs of marijuana.
Legalization of marijuana would make it easier for scientific studies to take place
Legalization of drugs will remove the rebellious glamor of it
The Netherlands has lower Marijuana consumption rates than the United States.
Government research discounts relationship b/w illegality and usage.
There is little evidence that Marijuana is a gateway drug
Marijuana may be a gateway drug because it's in the drug blackmarket
Alcohol is more of a gateway drug than marijuana.
Far too many people are imprisoned for the possession of marijuana
Special marijuana courts do not relieve strain on court system.
Marijuana consumers are typically not convicted of a crime
Legalizing marijuana will decrease crime by ending criminality of drugs.
Legalizing marijuana will reduce profits of traffickers and gangs
Drug legalization will reduce police corruption in illicit trade
Rise of criminal acts associated with Marijuana addiction is directly related to a prohibition.
Contradictory arguments by opposition.
Inequality of comparison.
Marijuana prohibition is impossible to achieve
Marijuana prohibition is equally impossible as alcohol prohibition
Legal marijuana can be taxed for revenue gain
Legalizing marijuana would free up resources spent on enforcement
Marijuana legalization would be heavily regulated
Marijuana should be controlled like other vice products
Legalization of marijuana would place potency under regulation
Arrests and convictions for marijuana use appear racially biased
Potent pot is not a new phenomena
Users simply smoke less of potent pot to achieve the same high
Potent pot is better for the lungs; requires less smoke inhalation
Legalization of marijuana would place potency under regulation
Why would marijuana potency matter when it doesn't for alcohol
Marijuana ban actually incentivized production of higher potencies
The public is sick of wasting tax dollars on marijuana.
Marijuana is worse for individuals and society than alcohol.
Marijuana is worse for individuals and society than tobacco.
Marijuana is addictive
Marijuana use increases the risk of psychosis
Marijuana impairs brain functions.
Marijuana smoke is highly damaging to the lungs.
Marijuana use impairs hormone production.
Marijuana use impairs the immune system.
Marijuana use impairs motor skills.
Marijuana use has been linked to various birth challenges
That marijuana is herbal does not mean it is safe
Marijuana use can lead to cancer
Marijuana use causes apoptosis or programmed cell death
Uncertainty of marijuana's health effects makes illegality prudent.
The State is justified in protecting individuals from themselves
Some are pressured into marijuana consumption without a choice.
Marijuana use directly threatens other's liberties.
Legalization of marijuana would make roads more dangerous.
Some train and plane tragedies were connected with marijuana use.
Legalization of marijuana would increase work-place accidents
Police are unable to detect Marijuana highs and public risk
Instances of brutal violence and murder are tied to marijuana use
Legalization marijuana is tantamount to legalizing speeding
Marijuana's harm to individuals spill over onto communities and society
Marijuana's public health costs violate tax-payer liberties.
Marijuana is not a threat to society only because it is illegal
Marijuana is the drug for life's losers
Legalization of marijuana jeopardizes public health
Legalization of marijuana would worsen schools performance
The legalization of marijuana will increase consumption
Legalization of marijuana will make it more accessible.
Legalization of marijuana will make it more affordable.
Illegalization of marijuana helps deter use
Illegality of marijuana sets moral standard against consumption.
Marijuana is a gateway drug
Marijuana consumers are typically not convicted of a crime
Increased crime from marijuana legalization adds to judicial burdens
Marijuana special courts can help deal with judicial overload
Marijuana use leads to crime
Legalizing marijuana will not decrease crimes committed to buy drug
Marijuana legalization will not end illegal trafficking
Marijuana legalization does not undermine organized crime and mafias
Added health costs from legal marijuana will outweigh new tax revenues
Increased legal marijuana consumption will decrease economic productivity
Legal marijuana's social costs will negate new tax revenues.
The potency of marijuana is much higher today
Growing potency of marijuana increases risks.
Marijuana legalization will not succeed in regulating potency
A majority of dutch disapprove of their country's lax drug policies
Many countries are signatories to treaties prohibiting marijuana
UN Conventions on Narcotics and the Rights of the Child bans marijuana
