Should prostitution be legal?
Governments should not set moral sexual standards regarding prostitutes
Common prostitution is not a biblical conflict
Prostitution is no more immoral than a one night stand.
Individuals should be able to charge for sex, as it can be freely dispensed
Prostitution simply combines sex and free markets, both legal
Prostitutes freely choose their profession
Governments should not set moral standards on prostitution
Question of choice, in prostitution, is different for each person.
Prostitutes are vulnerable because they lack labor protections
Legalization is merely a step in reducing sex industry abuses
Criminalizing the sex industry fosters black market conditions for abuse
Prostitution can relieve the tension that leads to sex crimes.
Legalization of prostitution would disrupt the corruption of 'pimps'.
Prostitution is a victimless crime
Prostitutes/clients no more victimized than other workers/consumers.
Pimping, kidnapping, sex trade are not inherent to prostitution.
The legalization of prostitution will decrease instances of rape
Legalization of prostitution may actually reduce sex trafficking
Legalizing prostitution will help the fight against HIV/AIDS
Legalization would improve the sexual health of prostitutes and their clients.
Prostitution is a legitimate business
Many prostitutes enjoy their profession
It is impossible to ban prostitution
Prostitutes have performed a valid social function for thousands of years.
Legalizing prostitution helps clean-up red light districts.
Prostitution fulfills free-market political philosophies.
Many libertarian feminists consider that prostitution reflects the independence and dominance of modern women.
Legalizing prostitution would increase government revenue.
Prostitution often offers superior money-making opportunities for individuals.
Broader legalization of prostitution will reduce concentrated sex tourism.
State resources should not be wasted fighting prostitution
Prostitution is morally wrong
Legal prostitution fosters a culture of woman-hating and rape
Prostitution contributes to adultery, breaks-up families.
Prostitutes do not have a genuine choice
Prostitution driven by a non-voluntary patriarchal culture.
Prostitution's destructiveness outweighs upholding freedoms.
Individuals must cede some rights for safety, including right to prostitute.
Justness of free markets and sex do not justify prostitution.
Violence against prostitutes is a rampant problems.
Legalization does not ensure that prostitutes won't continue to work with pimps.
Prostitution is not a victimless crime
Women in general are the victims of prostitution.
Legal prostitution increases rates of rape
Legalized prostitution sanctions a dangerous environment for women
Legalization won't reduce rape, as prostitution is itself a form of rape
Banning prostitution is a prerequisite to ending sex trafficking
Legalizing prostitution won't substantially reduce HIV/AIDS risks
Legalized prostitution is likely to worsen HIV/AIDS
By worsening HIV/AIDS, prostitution will devastate societies
Legalization will increase prostitution and subsequently worsen public health.
Prostitution is an illegitimate business
Prostitution's association with crime undermines its legitimacy
Prostitution is an inappropriate solution to poverty
Governments must protect the moral and physical health of citizens from prostitution.
Merely because some individuals break a law does not mean that the law itself is at fault
Prostitution harms the fabric of society.
Prostitution is an inappropriate solution to poverty
Legal prostitution fosters a culture of woman-hating and rape
Prostitutes will continue to work on the street even after legalization
The overwhelming trend of feminism is against prostitution.
An economic benefits from legalizing prostitution cannot take precedence over social harms.
Countries that legalize prostitution will suffer from sex tourism.
Moral standards should stand above economics in banning prostitution.
